I love LULULEMON and especially their leggings and Bra tops because of quality. I was so excited when I first received this item. I loved the material and how smooth it is like nothing on my skin. I have many other LULU leggings and this was the first one that pilled right away after 2nd Wash and I do wash them with CARE like other lululemon pants. I just do machine wash in cold water and air dry. My other lululemon does not show much pilling even after 10-20 wash because I wash in cold water and air dry it carefully. Maybe this is only in align pant II since I see many similar reviews.
These are the most comfortable leggings I have ever owned but they have not held up. They started pilling after a couple months and now the seams are coming out. For the price I would expect them to last longer.
I'm very disappointed in the purchase of these leggings. I've been practicing yoga for several years now and finally decided to treat myself to Lululemon pants. The woman in the store was very nice and helped me pick out my pair. I tired on a size 8 and they fit like a glove, the employee assured me they run true to size. While wearing them my first time in yoga practice they stretched out in the stomach and kept sliding down, enough where you could see my plumbers crack. I washed them and hoped that was just the first time that happened. It wasn't, the second time I wore them that happened again. Being as expensive as they were I decided to wear them to run errands, they stretched out so much they sagged and I chaffed in between my legs. Such a shame to have such a high price tag and no exchange policy after you wear your pants when they are such poor quality. Save your money do not purchase these.
I love these leggings and they're so comfortable and great for the first wear, but after you wash them the pilling is awful. Nothing you can do will get it off and it only gets worse the more you wear them. I didn't spend $98 on leggings to wear them once! I have 4 other types of lululemon leggings and none of them do this!
I wanted to love these pants, I got the olive green color which I absolutely love and the fabric is seriously so soft! However they started to pill almost immediately even though they were only worn for light activity (walking/running errands) and as soon as a pair of my leggings starts to wear this way I get reluctant to wear them because I don't want to make it worse, even the spot on the ankle where my sneaker rubbed slightly started to pill. I will stick with Wunder Unders from here on out!
I got these for Christmas and loved the feel and butteryness for the first month or so, but I've noticed they have pilled a decent amount after the first/second wash and I have a run (like in tights) on my right knee as well. When I bend over in the sunlight they are see through as well. Wouldn't recommend.
I have a love-hate relationship with the align pants. I remember when the align pants first came out, they were sold out everywhere. I hunted down my first pair. They lasted me quite a while so I decided to purchase the align II. I am so torn when it comes to the align pants because they are sooooo incredibly comfortable but they just do not hold up. I really want another pair of align but I don't know if I am willing to spend $100 on a pair that will only last me a few months at best. My newest pair is pilling and the seam is coming undone. Very unfortunate. I still recommend them to my friends but I always disclose the durability. I hope lululemon finds a way to enhance the durability of these so I could stand behind the product 100%.
I absolutely LOVE these pants. 11/10 would buy again. I have only had them for five days and wore them three times and washed them. BUT I already noticed pilling on the inside butt/thigh area and am really concerned, because I want them to last but I don't want to buy the same pair for 98$ again! Please help LULU do you guys do repairs or reimbursements?!
I received these as a Valentine's day gift and I wore them for the first time (and only time) on the plane for about 3-4 hours. After throwing them in wash (because planes are nasty!), I noticed horrible pilling in the left knee and also the seam/threading started to come undone in that area. I don't really understand how that happened! I followed all washing/care instructions too! I'm sad because I'm afraid of wearing them more due to the pilling and unraveling seam. These feel absolutely AMAZING and I would like to live in them!
These pants are soooo soft. I absolutely love them. They are very flattering on the behind and I love the high-waist fit when I wear cropped shirts with it. I train heavily 6 days a week at the gym and these have withstood over 20 workouts already in just a few months. I do have to say that they were never the same after the first wash (ultra delicate cycle, cold and hang dry) and I do feel like they are pretty delicate so I avoid wearing them when I'm going to be doing anything where they could potentially snag the fabric (i.e. Olympic barbell lifts, anything where I'm rubbing against turf or the ground a lot). Also, you may want to seriously invest in good quality, seamless underwear to wear with these because your thong lines and (sorry TMI) camel toe will show through big time. But for every day lifting at the gym, I'm really happy and love these enough to absolutely repurchase.
I wanted to love these pants so much. The fabric is so soft and light, and they are amazingly comfortable, but they pill so badly. I have two pairs, and both have the same problem. I only wear them for pilates, as well as to and from class, so it's not like I've been running marathons in them. Very disappointing.
these pants started pilling within 2-3 wears. at first it was just between the legs, which I thought "ok kind of normal" but soon after they began pilling all over and completely lost their softness. The quality is much lower than other lululemon gear. However, i contacted lululemon and they were very considerate to my problem and offered ways to help me. I would NOT recommend these pants, which is why I'm giving a low rating, but I have to commend lululemon on their great customer service.
Ahh I put these on for the first time and they are like BUTTER. AMAZING. I washed them once (according to directions, and didn't dry them of course) and right away I noticed the piling and the fabric got really roughed up on one leg (I'm not even sure why?!) and the piling keeps getting worse and worse!! I've only had them for two months and it breaks my heart because they are so comfy but are already destroyed!! I'll stick to the wunder unders for now.
I am so sad about the quality of these leggings. This is my first pair and I got them near the end of November and they began pilling IMMEDIATELY. The seams are tearing and it looks like I have had these legging for a long time, not for 4 months. So disappointed and sad that I spent my money on these. Would not recommend buying. They are very soft and shape my stomach well, but that does not make up for the many problems.
I absolutely love the aligns...at first. They are so comfortable and feels like you aren't wearing any pants. But, as time goes on and you wear them 10 plus times, the crotch area becomes balled up. Also, these leggings get lint all over them after a few washes (I don't dry them and they still do this.) It is impossible to get every piece of lint off that the aligns attract. It sticks when they look like this a couple of months after buying them.
I received these pants 2 days ago, decided to keep them, ripped off the hang tag, never even wore them yet, look down and notice in the crotch the seam is starting to unravel. I contacted customer service who told me since I took off the tag I could not return, only exchange. WOW for $100 plus dollars total, you'd think they would hold up a tag bit better than this. And Lululemon wouldn't even return them- seriously?
These pants are SO comfortable. I really love how they feel however they are so poorly made. I have had these less than 3 months and they are so worn, as if I have owned them for years. They are pilling and some of the seams have come loose, even after following all the directions for correct washing. I wish they were better quality, especially for the price of them. I am just very disappointed because I would love to own more of these, but the low quality does not make additional purchases worth it.
Despite the other reviews I haven't experienced and piling or loose seams. I love these pants they feel like butter on your legs and fit perfectly. Very stretchy and fit anybody. I make sure to follow the washing directions so that they don't pill and I use a gentle and natural detergent.
These pants are my absolute favorite pair of pants. Their comfort is unbeatable! The only problem I have is that even while following the washing guide lines, I have noticed these pants pill very hard even after just a couple of washes. The seam on the waste band is also unraveling and I have sewn it multiple times in different locations.4
These were my absolute favorite pants when I first purchased them. Always felt naked when I wore them (who doesn't love that). I take very good care of all of my lulu items: cold wash and hang dry. That being said, I am very disappointed with the durability of them. They are pilling like crazy and they are barely even soft anymore. They are a magnet for fuzz now and always look dirty! I refuse to even wear them outside the house because I look like I was rolling around in white fuzz. I am a loyal to lulu and this is the first issue I am really having on a pair of expensive tights!
I normally where a size 6 in Lulu leggings but the lady at the store suggested for me to size down - which I'm glad she did because they stay up and I don't have to fidget with them. They are suuuuper soft and comfy. Definitely would recommend!!
I wanted these to work because of the price and my love for my other pants from lululemon but I'm very upset because after 2 washes they're pilling. For this price tag that's ridiculous! I will be sticking to the wunder under pants
i have multiple pairs of these leggings and they've all started out as my new favorite leggings. that is until they began to pill everywhere. the first pair i got of these was over a year ago and at this point there's pilling allll over them, not even just in the inner thigh. i also have a navy pair that i bought a while back hoping to get a diff result than before, but now those have so many pills on the inner thighs that i can actually feel them while walking. these leggings start out so soft and comfortable and at this price you'd think they'd stay that way for a long time
Phenomenal until after the first couple washes. (Even when following the care instructions exactly) they begin to pill immediately. It first started on the inside of the thighs and now everywhere. Such a wonderful product at first, but not worth $100 to only wear a few times :(2
I've had my pair of align pants for about a year now and they still look good as new. I love how they feel weightless and don't get in the way during my yoga practice. (Bonus: they make the booty look insane.) No tugging at them or pulling them up. I would live in these pants if my boss let me wear them to work.
I bought my first pair of Lulu leggings at the end of December, and it was love at first wear...but after just a few washes (each time in cold water and then hanging to dry) the piling began, and has continuously gotten worse with every wear. I was hesitant to purchase initially because of the price, and now this result has me second guessing any future purchases. I am very disappointed. I don't believe they are worth the money if they are only going to hold up for a couple weeks.
I bought these pants only a few months ago and loved them. I ended up buying another pair shortly after however I now regret that due to the pilling that has occurred. My wonder under pants are in much better condition and I am very disappointed in these leggings.
When I first got these pants I was absolutely in LOVE. They are so soft and feel like you aren't even wearing pants (such a bonus). Buttttt once I had worn them about 3 times, I became so disappointed. The amount of pilling was so upsetting given they cost me $98. I only hand wash my leggings with cold water and let them air dry, so the fact that this amount of pilling is from 3 wears shows the quality isn't very good.
So these pants are SOOOOOOO cute. I love the fit, I love the feel, I love the colors available, however, the quality on these pants is just not there. I read all the reviews and should've listened, but wanted them so bad that I ignored my better judgement and bought them. I ordered my normal size, 8, and within 2 hours they were stretched and saggy around the knees, so that point where it was just not cute, and the cute design about the butt cheeks was kind of saggy and unflattering from being stretched, and they were loose when I got them. I feel strongly that had I kept them they would've stretched to become MC Hammer pants by the end of a full day or any kind of workout (I tested them in my house).
I gave this 4 starts because I LOVE the way these pants fit and I have 3 different colors BUT my mint green one's I have only worn a few times and there are little piles everywhere. At first it was only on the inside of the pant so I didn't care as much and I always wash them inside out but after the last gentle wash it is piling all over the outside. Not just in one spot either, the entire top half of the pant and I want to cry! I have been wearing lulu since 2011 and I know they have a generous return policy but what I am most upset about is they always sell out of things and I want the same color and size. I don't want my money back, I want the same pair of pants and to hold up for years like other pants I own. For $100 that shouldn't be too much to ask. It is my favorite lulu pant (look wise) I have ever owned but it looks like they are 3+ years old and I am SO BUMMED!!!! I hope my other aligns don't start doing this, I just got another pair last week that are a lighter gray/blue color and am afraid to wear them. I would highly recommend these pants if you want to look your best but not if you plan on wearing them more than a couple times :/ . I hope that they fix the quality because I would buy these in every color!! Side note: my black ones are holding up much better so maybe there is an inconsistency with the colors?
I bought my first pair of aligns over a year ago and I went to put them on the other day and I didn't even realize how much they has pilled. The fabric feels completely different than my current aligns and the entire inner thigh area has pilled so much that its uncomfortable to wear. I know lulu stands behind their price and the fabric and material but this is just bad- especially after a year.
I have two pairs of the align pants and I got them for their buttery soft feel and how it feels like you are barely wearing pants. They were the perfect leggings to work out in and run errands, but after a few washes they are pilling and look faded. I wash them in cold water, alone, with no fabric softer, and let them air dry. I really loved these leggings but very disappointed that they didn't last and they cost $98.
I received these pants from my sister as a Christmas gift two years ago. Within 6 months, they started pilling so terribly and catching onto every bit of lint despite numerous lint rolls throughout the day. They pilled inside as well, making them uncomfortable to wear. I took them back to my Lulu store and the sales associate asked me how I was washing them, when I wore them, etc. I never wore these for anything but around the house pants and hanging with friends - they are definitely not for workouts. So I returned the pilled pear for a replacement, and here I am again experiencing the same thing. I wash them so carefully, according to instructions and with only like materials. I never run in them, do yoga in them, I literally wear them as lounge pants only. For $100, these should not be a 6 month pant. I learned my lesson to never purchase these again.
I got this as a gift and I am OBSESSED with the feel of this legging. It is by far the most comfortable pair of leggings I own. Unfortunately, it's pilling and not high quality for being $100. Despite washing the legging and caring for it as recommended, it is not holding up well and I'm so sad and disappointed.
I have 4 or 5 pairs of align pants/crops and LOVE them all. They are every bit as buttery soft as they claim, and feel amazing on. I have never had any issues with pilling - I wear them primarily for yoga but sometimes throughout the rest of my day running errands and managing kiddos' schedules. I wash all my workout stuff together on cold, hang to dry. Only complaint I have is they don't come in more prints, but even that's getting better!
I absolutely loved these pants. My FAVORITE from lulu for the first few days, and I have my fair share of lulu leggings. These are so thin yet so comfortable. I take extremely good care of my leggings, because if you're going to spend nearly $100 on them you should. Wash alone, only when needed, cold, gentle, inside out to avoid pilling. Yet these leggings, after maybe 2 washes were nearly destroyed. They look like a cheap pair of leggings now and I am so disappointed because I really loved them. My 3 year old ebb to street leggings are in much better condition then these 3 month old leggings. Extremely sad and disappointed, if you're going to charge $98 please make them last.
I love this pants! Seriously life changing in terms of fit and feel. but they pill so bad around the thigh area after one wash. And I never put any lululemon in the dryer. so disappointing because of how expensive these are for the quality
Loved these leggings so much at first, but after a couple months they pilled like crazy! The pilling wasn't too bad at first, but then there was so much! I love these leggings so much but Im sad the quality of them is going down
I really really really love these leggings. They are hands down the comfiest pants I own, but I have only had them for 3-4 weeks and they have started pilling. I thought it may have just been me but it seems to be pretty common. I'm nervous to keep wearing them because I don't want them to pill more, but these are my absolute favorites, so it is really disappointing!
These pants are very very comfortable. I have a few pairs but two of mine are starting to pill. I take very good . care of them, cold wash on delicate and hang to dry no softener. I feel as though for $100 leggings the quality should be better. I have tried reaching out to lululemon's customer service and been on hold for so long. I would just like to exchange the two pairs I have for new ones. (giving average for rating because out of the 5 i have 2 are starting to pill and I have only had them for about two months)
So I own a ton of leggings from Lulu, normally I only buy luxtreme. I have dogs their fur sticks to anything else. I took a chance on these. Im pregnant and they felt amazing!! They are still my favorite pair of pants to wear pregnant, however they pilling is so bad. I saw the reviews (while in store) and made sure I only handwash them...still have pilling! :( If they were better quality, I would buy a few more pairs just because they are so comfy, however I just dont think I can fork over another $100 for 3 more months of pregnancy if they are gonna keep pilling like that.
I loved these so much I ordered two pairs. The one I ordered last week is already showing a tear and I'm devastated. They feel like heaven but I would expect something to be rectified to replace the pair that is falling apart so soon after purchase.
When you put these pants on, it honestly feels like i can rule the world. you look and feel like a million bucks! They are super flattering to the body and make your booty pop! They are buttery soft and the high rise doesn't squeeze. Im 5 ft 8 145lbs and got a size 4 and im so glad i did. though keep in mind these pants are $100 but wont last as long as you'd think they would. I went on a walk when i first got these for Christmas and when i took them off i noticed they had started pilling on the waistband. i immediately took them back to the store because i thought maybe i just got a defective pair, and they happily gave me a new pair. i got the same exact one because they felt amazing right, same exact thing happened. Bummer the price doesn't match the quality, but ive tried so many yoga pants nothing compares to the way these feel.
I recently decided to try these align pants instead of my normal wunder unders. The first couple of times they were everything I'd hoped they'd be. When I washed them - in my lulu load (only lululemon and air dry)- it all changed.To my dismay, they pilled on the waistband (which is odd) and the fabric warped on one of the legs. While I have experienced pilling with lululemon after 20 or so washes, never have I ever experience warping. For $98 +tax pants I'm sorely disappointed. I hope lululemon reexamines their quality and focuses more on what their customers want. Lastly, I just wanted to add that I wore them recreationally and never as workout pants so I'm curious to how bad it would be if I attempted to wear them working out... I wish I could attached pictures so you could see how bad they are.
I absolutely love align pants and I have multiple pairs, however they pill really easily in the inner thigh area. I continue to purchase them because other than that they are great and are so flattering on. Probably the comfiest pants I own. Its just a bit disappointing that they are so expensive but pill even after just one moderate workout...
I have such a love hate relationship with these leggings. I absolutely ADORE them when they are new and they have become the only leggings I can comfortably wear. I have 5 pairs of these leggings despite my issues with them because I really don't enjoy any other leggings now. HOWEVER; despite meticulous care during washing and air drying to try to prevent piling, every single pair has inevitably piled to the point I feel embarrassed and ratty wearing them out of the house. With the first pair I purchased, I tried to help the piling issue by using a piling shaver as suggested on lululemon care forums. While this worked OK in the beginning, after one or two times of doing this, I feel it thinned the material and I now have thin spots threatening to turn to holes at this point. When this happened, Lululemon offered free repair which was very generous, however because the holes were not on seams and rather in the middle of the material, the repairs are less than discreet and look and feel rather lumpy. Another pair is thinning just from repeated use in high stretch areas like the butt and knee. Keep in mind all of these pants were purchased within the past year and a half AKA not old at all, especially considering the price and claim to be superior material and quality. Really disappointing considering they are life changing and amazing at the start and I wish I could love them for much longer.
These are so soft and comfortable, i never want to wear another pair of pants again. They do attract hair and lint which is a bummer if you have a white cat like me. Otherwise, LOVE
The pilling is truly ridiculous. I followed all of the care instructions and they still started to pill within a month2
I have 2 pairs of the cropped version in a size 6. I absolutely love the fit of them, however, after a few wears and washing them correctly there has been pilling on my inner thigh and even butt area. I wanted to purchase another pair but after looking at the pilling on the green pair I have I dont think I will. I love lululemon and especially these pants I just wish they didn't wear so quickly
I LOVE the Align Pants. Seriously have 5 pairs. However, what the heck is up the black pairs in particular? Something about this color/construction that just does not last. This is my second pair of black. I have had my most recent pair since mid-March... so less than 3 months. I wash as directed - hand wash without softener, hang to dry... and the color is faded, they look years old, the pilling is outrageous. Sucks, because black leggings are an absolute necessity. Maybe i'll try the full length black aligns and hope they'll hold up just like my other colored aligns?
I love lululemon leggings and have been wearing them for a couple years. I was so excited when they came out with these new alligns in the 25" because I have short legs and these fit perfectly. However, big downside with these is they pill so much. I have only worn these a handful of times and have followed the washing instructions, but they still have pilled so quickly. I just can't justify paying so much money for leggins that I can only get a good three uses out of before the quality starts to deteriorate.
Got a pair of align pants for xmas loved them but also noted piling shortly after wearing only a few times and careful to follow all cleaning instructions. So sad as these are not cheap. I too would of thought for price they would of held up better. Love the buttery feeling. Really want to try these again but not sure if they have done anything to improve them.3
These pants are SO comfortable, they never fall down and have great stretch. I love wearing them for yoga and even everyday life, however even when following the care instructions they started pilling/pulling after ONE wear. There are strings fraying on random spots on my legs and there are loose strings along the seams. 
I bought these pants and loved them but unfortunately they are not holding up. The seam is coming undone in two parts. One is creating a hole on the right leg. I love these pants and spent a decent amount of money but they are not holding up like my other lulu items.
When I first got these I LOVED them, they hug you in all the right places, make your booty pop, and are SUPER comfy. But after a couple weeks they started pilling (even though I machine washed cold, inside out and let air dry). If you want durable leggings these are NOT those, even though they look super good on. I even bought another pair hoping it wouldn't happen to them but it did. Not worth the price tag.
I have been an avid LLL consumer for years now, and these are by far the most comfortable pants that I own. As soon as I tried on the pair that I ordered, I fell in love and ordered a second pair in basic black. The high rise is perfect - not the type that constantly needs to be pulled up or rolls down on its own. I wore them while lifting and they never went see-through, even while squatting! The fabric does wick away sweat but with the color I chose (so merlot), sweat stains are inevitable.5
I received the Align Pant in Black for Christmas and unfortunately they are not living up to the predisposed “lululemon” standard. As a $98.00 legging, they should keep their gorgeous, sleek profile and elasticity for an eternity. I don’t wear them too often, but after a wear, I put them in a laundry safe bag for the washing machine and hang them to dry. These leggings upon the first few wears were fabulous. Just after that, I experienced serious pilling near the inseam and with each wear, I feel that the legging expands and becomes baggy all over. I usually wear a size 8, and that is the size I received but it just seems that they might be too big. After this revelation, I am not comfortable wearing these leggings to my dance and yoga classes. I loved them, but now I am hesitant to wear them out in public.
I absolutely love these pants at first, they fit amazing, feel amazing, and look amazing. However, after one or two wears my black pair started pilling between the legs and is now pilling all over the front of the legs and seams. I have 5 or 6 pairs of aligns and every single pair within a year has gotten to the point where I almost don't want to wear them anymore because they look and feel like such poor quality now. Don't recommend wasting your money if they're going to fall apart so quickly
First off, maybe there are some people that think $100 pants should be completely indestructible, but I think the real beauty of these pants is the fabric and the fit, and that is what makes them worth the price! The fabric is buttery soft and more on the delicate side, so NO it is not made for cardio honestly, or anything with repetitive movement (that is what creates the pilling). It is what it is! You should understand before buying these that you are sacrificing what you are able to do in them for pants that fit and feel better than honestly any pants I have ever worn. I have no issues with these pilling with weight lifting and SOME stairmaster (but I am honestly careful to step somewhat wide so they don't rub together). I wash them on cold with ONLY other align pants, NO OTHER FABRICS! Any other fabric fibers will wear this Nulu fabric down and create pilling/wear. I have never, EVER dried my pants and I lay them flat to dry. Maybe some people think this is a lot of work for a pair of pants, and if that's the case, look at some of Lulu's other fabrics that are more durable and designed for more high impact activities. I for one will continue to LOVE and adore these pants and will sacrifice a little durability to have pants that make you look and feel like a million dollars!
I wouldn't even really consider myself that curvy, but I sure don't have a thigh gap. These leggings have some of the softest material i've ever felt in a pair of leggings, but if your legs even remotely touch, you'll get piling instantly. After the first wear in these I noticed it happen, and it only got worse with each wear. After contacting customer support, they were able to help me return them and receive a gift card in store credit since the leggings didn't hold up to their standards. All in all these are a decent pair of leggings if you happen to be thin, but I most likely wont be purchasing again. They sure didn't hold up to their price tag and expectations, but I'm glad their customer support was able to help.
I'm 5'6 with a medium build, 165 lbs. Most of my jeans are a size 29/8 Reg. I have thick legs so I usually size up to accommodate them. I ordered a size 10 in the Align II and they feel so comfortable on. TBH I wish I had ordered the sz 8 to compare since the sz 10 seem almost too comfortable but I realized I'm used to tight, compression leggings and the Align's aren't made like that. I love that they are versatile- can be worn with a tunic for casual wear (no exposed logo!) or with a workout top for exercise. Haven't worked out in them yet but I can't wait to!
This pant is super comfortable, which is exactly what they described as "Naked" feel. I have been wearing it everywhere: work, date, gym... The bad thing is the low quality: it pilled so quick! I noticed there are pillings around the hip/outer thigh area after the 2nd wash, and I washed it in cold water with gentle cycle, and I didn't even put it into the dryer. I really wish it can last several more washes, I love how comfortable it is.
I am soo upset. these are by far the cutest leggings i have ever worn. they are so flattering an easy to move in. I loved them so much I begged my parents for 3 more pairs for my bday. Out of the 3 pairs, 2 are already piling. I have washed them once, by hand and air dried them, so I can only assume its the make. Since these are so expensive I would have hoped for better quallity. Very disappointed and hoping I just got faulty pairs!!
I have 5 pair of these pants... one of my most recent pairs has tons of piling in the crotch, even after I lint rolled before washing and didn't wash with any towels. Super disappointing.1
I can't speak for the pilling since I've worn these only once at this point, but I tried them on and it felt like I was wearing nothing! SO comfortable. I did speak with someone who worked at the store when I was trying them on and was told these are recommended for light activity such as yoga, or lounging! So I probably won't be using these for orange theory type of workout! They are the comfiest pants I've worn in a really long time!
I got these pants because I had heard so many great reviews of these being super comfortable during pregnancy with a growing belly. Since I normally wear Lulu pre-pregnancy & haven't had many issues in the past, I figured I would spend the extra money to be comfortable. While these pants are SUPER comfortable and fit my belly, the quality is so BAD! I realize these are made of a different material than say the wonder-unders, but $98 for pilling after the second or third wear?! I just expected more from a place I've shopped for years but I feel as the quality really has gone downhill...
Love the material and fit! Easy to get on and I can even run in these without them falling down! Washed multiple times and hung dry and they still look brand new.
Honestly, I fell in love with these pants because of how comfortable they are. So much that I ended up buying 10+ pairs. However, most of them have started pilling or getting lose threads which is a huge disappointment considering how pricey they are. Keep in mind I follow all care instructions. I even put them in laundry mesh bags during washing but that didn't help.
When I first got these leggings I loved them so much, the fabric is so soft and it feels like a second pair of skin. But I have only washed them twice and there is already pilling around the inner thighs and around the rim of the pants. I never put my leggings in the dryer and I think i take pretty good care of my leggings. I figured I would splurge on a good pair of leggings to prevent the terrible pilling but unfortunately I am pretty disappointed.
I purchased 2 pair of these. I love the feel of this pant, but I have been disappointed with the pilling that has occurred. For this price, this should not occur. I have cared for them properly/according to instruction.
I have two pairs of align pants, I loved how soft they were until they started pilling. I got another pair after my first and thought I could wash them less often to stop pilling, this was not the case. Both pairs have pilling and I washed them very carefully. I am really bummed because they were the best leggings I have every owned.
I purchased the first edition of the Align pant a while back and it has always been my favorite for practicing hot yoga... my old pair was getting a bit worn and stretched (because they're my favs and I wear them ALL the the time). I recently purchased another pair, the Align II. The store didn't have my size in stock... I usually wear a size 8. The clerk recommended I try sizing down just to see how they fit, because customers had been sizing down in this particular pant. The fit was great... I knew they'd give some after wear and didn't want them to start feeling stretched out and baggy like my old 8s. So thank you store clerk... an update to my old favorite pants and a great fit.
I bought these leggings to be able to workout in and use for everyday. They started piling after 1 wash (I followed the washing instructions) and have lost their feeling fast. I had high hopes for these due to the fact that they were $98. I don't typically spend money like that on one item, but I was persuaded that they were quality leggings. I was let down and have only had them for a week.
I bought my first pair of Align pants recently. I got the Dark Uniform Blue color, which on the site looks like a vibrant green but in person is a dull, dusky green not at all like the pictures. The fabric is soft, but thin and semi-see-through; I would not wear these pants outside of my home unless I had a tunic length top or sweater dress over them. I don't think they are any softer than comparable pants at other retailers (I'm thinking about the powervita fabric at athleta, which is similarly soft, but also more substantial, less expensive, and not see-through). The waist comes up pretty high and is a bit loose on me, I ordered my usual size 6 (I'm 5'2", 132# for reference and always wear a 6 in lulu pants, the 25" length is perfect on me). I'm not sure whether these will hold up over time, I'm worried they will not given the other reviews, and may return them.
Like others have mentioned in their reviews, these pants pill after a few wears. I purchased two pairs in November and both of them are ruined with the amount of pilling. I wear these to the gym once a week...and I'm standing most of the time. I love how dry they stay if I get caught in a rainstorm and they look great! Suuuper comfortable if I decide to take it out for a long run. There are no other pants that compare. Just wish they would last longer than a few months at $98 a piece. :(
I received the align crop in black and submarine as a gift about 2 months ago. I loved them at first but within weeks they were pilling horribly. I followed the care instructions religiously and never dry them but it's just getting worse. Definitely not worth the money. I'll still purchase lulu's as I've never had a issue with other products, but will definitely stay away from these pants from now on.
I love most Lululemon products and wanted to love these pants. I bought them in crop and full length. After about one month of wearing both of these there was pilling that only got worse and worse each time I wore these. I have only washed these following instruction and am disappointed in the lulu fabric. I thought the cropped ones would be better since I only wore them for 45 minutes for a workout class but eventually they ended up like my full length pants and the pilling is so bad that I can no longer wear anymore.
I have had these leggings for about 2 months and they are already pilling very badly. I followed the wash instructions but they still aren't holding up like i thought they would.They are also starting to become see through at the seams. They are super comfortable so it is unfortunate to spend the money over leggings that won't last me a long time.
There is no doubt that these pants are ABSOLUTELY gorgeous and feel so buttery soft whenever they're on. I simply wish that these pants were worth their expensive cost. I bought these pants in a gorgeous maroon color in late November/early December and have abided by the Lululemon suggested uses (i.e., no intense activity) and have used them for my Vinyasa yoga classes, lounging around my home, and going to class. However, the pilling is absolutely ridiculous. I wash these pants by themselves in a cold wash and hang dry, and there is still an insane amount of pilling in the crotch region and on the butt. A friend saw me in the pants the other day, commented on the cute color, went to feel a very pilled part of the pants because she had heard so much about the Aligns and the Nulu material in general, but ultimately backed away in surprise and disappointment after seeing and feeling the incredible amount of pilling. Don't get me wrong; these pants, even pilled, still feel great on, but for $98 they should definitely be holding up for more than 3 months without issue. If these pants were reduced to $50, I'd definitely consider them to be worth their price; however, at nearly two times the price, the quality and durability of these pants need to improve SIGNIFICANTLY in order for me to recommend this to any of my friends or family or purchase another pair. Disappointed to say the least.
When paying $98 you expect these to last a long time. Dont get me wrong these are seriously the most comfortable leggings ever, but after a few washes the piling is bad. I really hope lululemon works on there quality of this pant because if they are really comfortable. Dont know if i can justify the price for only a few wears though.
I really like how comfortable it is, but turns outs the quality is terrible! So much piling! At this price, i should be able to wear these leggings for a long time. I am super bummed out about it.1
Obsessed with these super soft leggings but shortly after I washed them a few times they started pilling!! Im very disappointed because I love how these felt when I first got them
Does anyone else get an excessive amount of lint on these pants? I do not wash these with other clothes nor do I put them in the dryer. A girl in my yoga class said she does not have the same problem. Mine are also pilling in the crotch area.
I was super excited for these pants, I got them for Christmas and I've only worn them a few times and washed them probably twice and they are already pilling. I asked them at the store how to wash them and I followed exactly what they told me. What a waste of money, so disappointed. I have so many pairs of pants from Lululemon and I am in shock this happened. Makes me upset because I spend money on clothes because its suppose to be good quality.
I loved these pants so much - I only wore them for lounging (not workouts) because they are very thin, and they are so comfortable. After a couple months, however, they started pilling like CRAZY. I know people have had this complaint about other lulu pants, but I own many lulu items so I always take precaution when washing/cleaning them and typically do not experience this problem. If you're looking for a pair of lulu leggings I would say go with the wunder unders, because I am very disappointed in the way these align pants have held up despite me taking extra care to keep them in good condition. So sad about this!
I now have 3 pairs of these pants because I love them so much!! I've had 2 pairs for a while and I haven't had any issues with pilling. These are so incredibly comfortable and it feels like I'm not wearing anything. I wear these daily with weightlifting.
I love these pants and the way they fit, however the quality is disappointing. I have washed these as instructed and they are starting to pill--and not even in just the usual areas such as gusset and near seams. The material is compromised even on the front of the thighs. Great pants as far as comfort and fit, just not holding up like I've come to expect of Lululemon items. Just bought a pair of Everlux material pants so hopefully they will hold up better, going to avoid Nulu in the future.
After trying so hard to not fall in love with the lululemon craze, I finally caved this summer do to trying on the align pants for the first time and the addiction is history. I couldn't possibly take better care of these leggings but despite this, the pilling is unbearable. They've only been washed about 15 times, only with other lulu products, inside out, and on the cold and gentle cycle just like I was told. I'm hesitant to buy another pair of aligns do to the pilling. I just wish they would fix this problem!
I have loved all my lulus however with this one, they stretched out so easily. I have only worn them about 5 times and they already feel like I've had them for a year. Definitely disappointed.
One of my first pairs of Lululemon were the Align pant and I immediately fell in love with the soft, stretchy fabric. I prefer leggings that are not super compressive and tight, since I like showing off my bum's natural shape instead of having it awkwardly being squished. These are the pants I never knew I was searching for! They are gloriously thin and stretchy, yet not see-through, and perfectly hug your body without compressing it. I wear a size 6 and my waist is 27in and the widest part of my hips/bum is 40in and these fit like a glove. I only wear high-waisted bottoms and these are the perfect length! I have these pants in two colors (Black Cherry and Mystic Green), and both have pilled horribly. I take EXTREMELY GOOD care of them since I've read other reviews about pilling and wanted to preserve them for as long as possible. I lift 6 times a week and will only wear them once every two or so weeks, and I usually only wear them when I know I won't have other things rubbing against them. I wash them in cold water, in their own laundry bag, and hang them to dry. I've had my black cherry Aligns for several months, and they are pilling like crazy in the crotch and side hip area! Even more unacceptable is my mystic green pair; these are much newer and I've worn them less than 6 times, and the back of one side underneath the bum area looks completely destroyed from pilling. I looks like I sprayed my leggings in catnip flavoring and told a cat to go to town! I don't even have a cat! It breaks my heart since I absolutely love these pants and am willing to shell out money for how amazing they make me feel, but the quality is such an issue.
Loved these leggings at first, they were amazing quality and super soft and comfortable! I followed all the washing instructions, even hung dried them, but they still started to pill A LOT after a few months! I am very disappointed because these seemed to be the perfect pair of leggings! They are great quality but just a little upset that I spent quite a lot on these and now I can't wear them due to the pilling
I loved these pants! When I first bought them, they were by far my favorite purchase. Super soft and an amazing cut. Sadly, after a few wears they began to pill like no other. I always take care of my Lulus in the recommended way, but it was no help. Now I put them on and they look extremely old and dirty (even after a wash) and I got them in December! I did love the style and cut and would buy again in a different material!
i bought the align pants about a year ago as my very first Lululemon purchase, the softest and most comfortable thing ever on earth. However, after wearing it for a hot yoga class, since it was all sweating and all I had to wash it. I washed it with the energy bra i bought only and the seam was coming off with a little bit pilling on the left knee. I returned it and got something else. Last week I decided to gave it a second chance, i bought it and wear them 2 times ( just hanging out with my friends, no working out or doing anything sweaty) then I washed it. OMG, there was pilling on the right thigh area ( like a large area since its was just a first wash). I brought it back to the store and the sale woman told me that i should have washed it "delicate". First of all, I always all of my LLL stuffs together, cold water, never put i the dryer. Secondly, as my experience wasn't good so that i checked the website in "care" section of the align pants and they said just machine wash cold with likes color ( FYI, I bought a tons of lulu stuffs in black, and even if different color , its still dark color). I really want to love it but I can just buy a $100 pants to hand wash or wash it only in my washer. I'm jealous with people who wear them all the time and never have problem with it since its truly an amazing pants.
I loved these pants! When I first bought them, they were by far my favorite purchase. Super soft and an amazing cut. Sadly, after a few wears they began to pill like no other. I always take care of my Lulus in the recommended way, but it was no help. Now I put them on and they look extremely old and dirty (even after a wash) and I got them in December! I did love the style and cut and would buy again in a different material!
I got these for Christmas and I quickly became obsessed with them. They literally feel like nothing is on your legs! I worked out in them once or twice and I regret it. They pill like crazy on the inner thighs and also are pilling right above my butt area & behind my calves, it's like if anything rubs in them, they pill. There are also some loose strings around the ankles that I had to cut off. I don't put them in the dryer (air dry instead) and I wash them inside out but they keep pilling. But, I don't want to get rid of them because they are truly the comfiest pair of leggings ever. Kinda disappointed.
I purchased these pants at the Milwaukee location when I was on vacation, and I loved them in the store. They were so soft and were some of the only pants I tried on that weren't see-through. I take care of my lululemon purchases exactly as the associates in-store told me to. However, within two months these pants were pilling like crazy! Now, it's been about 6 months since I purchased them, they've only been washed 15 times, and they are worse than ever. The pills are huge and rub uncomfortably - so much so that I don't like to wear them outside of the house. These were a huge disappointment and I'm not inclined to purchase another pair of leggings from lulu again. This is a significant bummer because I know people who have had success with other products, but I can't justify spending $100 on a pair of pants that hold up worse than anything else I own.
First off, the most amazing feeling pants that I have ever experienced. Prior to y first yoga class, I decided to stop by my local lululemon to pick up some new goodies. Came for a mat and a few accessories but left with more than expected of course. Thought I'd pick up another pair of my go-to black high-rise wunder unders but a sales associate pointed me in the direction of the aligns because of their seamlessness that are perfect for yoga. I was in love.. until I noticed that the threading up top was really coming out up top after a couple uses and no wash yet. No pilling like others have mentioned, I had hoped I was going to be able to avoid any issues given that I sized correctly but now these pants look like they are about to fall apart.. and I bought two pairs.2
I bought these pants back in August and they ripped almost immediately at the knee. I contacted Lulu and was able to get myself a new pair! Although they are so cozy, after a couple of months of wearing them, they are pilled almost everywhere and everything sticks to them! I know I have had them for about 6 months now, but I haven't had a problem with any other Lulu leggings. My other red align leggings aren't having this issue and I got them a month after! I am super disappointed because they were quite expensive and I can't even wear them out in public anymore without a lint roller!
Ok I am the #1 fan for these align pants and have one in almost every color and have bought a pair for my sisters because I was completely sold. The only flaw that I see in them time and time again is the loose thread that happens at the bottom of the align pants in BLACK. I have already had to return one of my black pairs because of it but lululemon's customer service is THE BEST. I rebought another black pair and notice the loose thread again on the bottom of pants. I'm not sure if it's just in the black color but all of my other colors don't have the problem. It is worth the money for the material and the feel and the guaranteed satisfaction. Hopefully the quality of the black pants will be reviewed and fixed.
I have purchased two pairs of these in the last two months and unfortunately both pairs have started to pill tremendously. On one pair the threading looks like it unravelling. It is super disappointing since I am a college student that has to save up for a pair of "nice" leggings. I have bought Zella leggings from Nordstrom for years and never had this issue at half the price. I wanted to love these but I cant get behind the quality. I have a pair of the wunder under and those have faired a lot better.
These are hands-down the best lululemon pants I've purchased - I now own 4 pairs and have nothing but great things to say about them. I tend to always wear the same size, and felt like these fit true to size. The "barely there", seamless design is incredibly comfortable and I love the high waistband (I'm short-waisted and it comes a few inches above my navel, but can be rolled down). When I'm doing yoga, I don't feel like I need to adjust these pants while I'm moving as much as I do with other pants, and they stay put even better when you're sweating. Great all-around pant for yoga, biking, running, hiking, and lounging :) love them! (I've seen several reviews saying these pants tend to pill, but i have not experienced any pilling with mine, even if I don't wash them with like fabrics)
I bought my first pair of Align pant 6 months ago despite some poor reviews. I was sold! These pants are so buttery soft, I purhcased 3 more over the next 4 months. I care for all my Lululemon purchases with precision, and still my 1st 2 pair have not only started to pill, but little threads are popping up on the surface of the fabric! I'm expecting the same to happen to my most recent purchases, which is a huge disappointment based on the price and expectation that these would last at least 6 months! Be aware, if you opt to purchase these, you will enjoy the beautiful fabric, but at a cost and risk that they will fall apart within months.
These pants are the first ever Lulu's that I've gotten, and I now have 2 aligns and 2 other styles! They're amazing! So soft, looks great, feels like a second skin! However... they pill very easily and mine have stretched out a little bit. Not to the point where they look bad, but enough that it's annoying to adjust them throughout the day. I wear a size 6 in them, but I think I need to size down to a size 4 because of how much they've stretched. I find that to be the case for a lot of the pants that I own too. The only reason I care about the fit is because I paid so much money for them! If they were cheaper I wouldn't be so bummed out!
I am OBSESSED with the feel of these leggings. I got 3 pairs over Christmas, but after wearing each a few times I have noticed an insane amount of pilling. I am a hot yoga instructor and I was told that these pants would be perfect for hot conditions and lots of bending. I am very disappointed, especially because I spent so much money. These leggings are by far my favorite fit, but I wish they would last longer.4
These pants are like heaven to wear and I have tried them on several times in store but always hesitated on purchasing due to the ongoing poor reviews re: poor quality. I finally decided to purchase them in store as the salesperson assured me that if I cared for them properly I should not have issues but if I do then I can return them. Well, after the first wear I noticed a pulled thread on the thigh. I thought perhaps I did something to cause the pull. I then wore them again and noticed another pulled thread in a different location on the same thigh. I wore them a third time and the same thing started happening on the other thigh. Needless to say I have many pulled threads on both thighs now which I suspect will turn into holes very soon, which to me is very disappointing to say the least. Unfortunately, as with most people, I am busy and have little time to head to the mall to return, but I will be doing so as I refuse to waist $98 on a pair of tights. I really do love them and don't mind spending money on quality items, but sadly the quality is just not there and I cannot justify the price. After so many poor reviews I would think (and hope) that something is being done to correct the is issues.
I've worn these leggings a handful of times but by looking at them you would think I've owned them for years. This is just so upsetting because I paid $100 and at that price I expect them to last for at least a year. After I wore them once I noticed them starting to peel and the seams coming undone so, I washed them differently and wore them inside out to see if they still peeled but no washing them with special detergent and laying them flat to dry makes no difference. The fabric is so delicate you can't sit on a bench, get on the floor or run without hurting the leggings. Lulu you need to find a soft fabric that is also good quality.
I bought myself these pants 2 weeks ago and have worn them only three times. I have been noticing a lot of pilling on the thigh area as well as elasticity has stretched out. These used to be my favorite pair of yoga leggings and I now have to keep them pulling up every time I wear them. I am very disappointed in the quality of the pant as these pants were expensive and now do not look as flattering as when I first bought them. I am a diehard for lululemon and I buy just about all of the athleisure wear but have been seeing a lot of this pilling issue in most of my brand new leggings
I am Lulu obsessed! I stay home with my son and it's basically all I wear. That being said, I have 4 pairs of the 25" and 1 pair of the 21" crop...I LOVE how they feel and look when I first purchase them but they do fall apart quick. The last 2 pairs I purchased last month already have pilling down the legs and crotch. I'm very tall and lanky and my thighs don't even rub...how is this happening? I HAND WASH them and hang to dry because I was so worried after reading all of the reviews. For $98 a pair you would think they would last longer. My VS and Nike leggings that I've had for years look better than all of my aligns that I've had for a month. Now every time there is a new color released I get excited and then decide against wasting my $.
Well these are comfy enough-it feels like you have nothing on, I cannot leave the house in these. What ever happened to Lululemon making your assets looking great? Slightly see-thru, don't really hold you in(umm, hello cellulite showing through-and I don't have much), not to mention they don't hold their shape and pill. I no longer can buy Lululemon, competitors have stepped up their products at a lower price point and Lululemon has lowered their quality so much that I wouldn't buy it at any price. I'm no longer a fan or a customer.
I am in love with the material and fit of these but haven't had them more than a month and they already started to pill. They pilled on the butt and thighs. The same thing happened with my Pushing Limits pants which I fell in love with because its a similar, soft material. I don't know if I'd buy more just because they are only nice for the first few wears. I am disappointed because they are so nice when they last, which unfortunately isn't long. If they held up better I would probably have one in every color offered!!
After reading the reviews I was VERY hesitant to purchase these leggings. Spending $100 on a piece of clothing to work out in is already unusual for me, and the reports of pilling and overall bad quality made me nervous. However, I was desperately in need of some new leggings for hot yoga and decided to go for it because I am the worst at purchasing new clothes and tend to rely heavily on impulse decisions to restock my wardrobe. Let me just say that these leggings are the most comfortable and flattering pair I have owned in my entire life. I do hot yoga and prefer to wear leggings and a sports bra, and the high waist on these looks so good. These are also hands down the most comfortable piece of clothing I own and I always look forward to wearing them. These leggings do show sweat, so if you are sensitive about that I would recommend a dark color. I've worn and washed these around 8 times now, and so far they show no signs of pilling and look as good as new. I wash them on cold for delicates with detergent and vinegar along with my hot yoga mat and whatever sports bra I wore to class, then hang them up to air dry. If the quality begins to deteriorate, I will report back, but until then I am looking forward to eventually ordering another pair when I have the money (grad student problems!). If I could afford to buy these in every color (and justify having so many leggings) I absolutely would, they are probably the best piece of workout clothing I have ever owned.5
I received these pants as a gift from my best friend for my birthday. I've always wanted a pair of pants from Lululemon but I could never come to terms paying so much because I knew I would fall in love and it would be detrimental on my bank account... I'm in a love/hate relationship with these pants. They are so soft and comfortable BUT I've worn these pants maybe 5 times and the pilling is absolutely awful and is now irritating the inside of my legs. I have only worn these pants around the house. I haven't worked out or done anything strenuous to have caused this- just normal casual weekend errands. As much as I wanted to be amazed by lululemon, I'm truly disappointed
okay, so these really are my favorite pants that I own, however, they deserve the three stars. They pill like crazy and relatively fast. also, they do tend to slide down over time. I got a 6 which i usually get, and i'm wishing i got a 4. (which is crazy because i'm never a 4 here). aside from that, i do absolutely love these and have purchased 3 all on separate occasions in both solid and pattern, and pattern is a little tighter in my opinion which is actually great. they are the softest pants ever, but the pilling is ridiculous. that being said, i don't think the pilling could be fixed without sacrificing material/softness/comfort, so it's just something to deal with/ return & replace every so often.
When I first got these pants, I LOVED them. So soft, great fit, I was thrilled. However, after only a few weeks of wearing them, they begin to pill on the inner thighs. It wasn't just a few, it was a LOT of pilling. After being a long time buyer of Lulu to wear as a spin instructor, I was extremely disappointed. The material didn't hold up as I expected; it looks unflattering and makes the pants look messy. I care for my lulu items exactly as the company instructs, and still had so much pilling. It is a shame because I don't think I will be buying another pair.
I have many pairs of lululemon leggings and I know that lululemon is notorious for their align pants. I knew I had to buy them. The second I tried them on I loved them. It felt as if I wasn't wearing any pants. They made me look round where I was supposed to and they slimmed me down where I needed to be slimmed down. They were perfect...Or so I thought. I wash all my lululemons the same way. I wash them in a delicate cycle and use no fabric softener whatsoever, I do not put them in the dryer I let them air dry. However, after ONE DAY of wearing these I was already noticing pilling. Now, not even 3 months later, there is extremely noticeable pilling all over. Spending $100 on a pair of leggings may sound ridiculous to most people, but I always stood by the quality of lululemon leggings and totally had faith that these would be just as amazing as my other pairs. Unfortunately I was very mistaken. These leggings now look dirty and gross all the time. Very, very disappointed.
I decided to purchase these because I was looking for more of an everyday legging vs a work-out legging. While in the store, you will fall in love with how lightweight and airy these pants feel. It is the legging you will be looking for an ultimate level of comfort. Post-purchase, you will find yourself disappointed in the quality of these leggings. They pill uncontrollably to the point where you can't wear them in public and it's not even pilling in between the thighs, it's the entire legging. I haven't even washed them yet so it is not from improper care. I went to the store and the sales associate, who you could tell cared more about her appearance than helping me, was so derogatory and told me it was because I was wearing too small of a size. For the record, I wear the size 6 which is considered size "small" and I am a small in every other pair of leggings I have ever purchased in my life from any other retailer. It isn't the size. I would not have bought two pairs of these leggings if I knew this was going to happen. I am extremely disappointed and feel hesitant to make any other purchase.
I loved these pants when I first got them and the first time I wore them! I was very careful with washing and laying flat to dry and by the second time I wore them there was awful pilling. The seam also came loose and now there is a hole along the inside of the pants and I have had them for a month! Too expensive for how long they last.
I received the align 2 pants in black for Christmas, and immediately started enjoying them! They are so soft and have fit well throughout the first and second trimester of pregnancy. The only problem I have experienced is the pilling at the top of the thighs/crotch area. I tried not to wash them too much to avoid it, but it is still a problem. Send help :) I have wanted to order additional pants, but have been concerned as to whether the pilling problem has been fixed yet.
These tights are amazing and life changing. I wear them for everything except work. They're super soft, comfortable and durable. I was concerned about all the comments about pilling, but I haven't had any issues to-date (knock on wood). I wear these for cardio dancing, running, HIIT, yoga, etc. I know I'm not suppose to run in them, but they're so comfortable to run in!
I was so excited about these pants and they lived up to every expectation when I opened up the package... However after less than 15 wears the thighs began to pil increibly bad, even when washed with like fabrics and always taken care of properly. BOTH leggings I purchased are so badly pilled I can't even wear them in public, and the navy ones have holes between the thighs.. Just disappointing that they don't hold up better... Also the older style had a more flattering design on the booty.3
I got these pants as a gift for Christmas. They are literally the most comfortable pair of pants I have ever worn, and ordered them in the cropped style as well. The only issue is the piling as described in other reviews is just beginning. It has not gotten bad yet but I'm afraid for what the future holds based on previous reviews.4
I really love these leggings and want to continue to wear them, but they started pilling horrible after just one wear! I followed all washing directions, but no luck. Would recommend if fabric was bettered...they are so comfy!
I fell in love with these leggings as soon as I put them on. The leggings fit like a dream and are so comfortable. Unfortunately, after wearing them twice they are pilling. They have not been washed, so I know that could not be the cause of the pilling. Very disappointed in the quality of these leggings.
I loved this pants as soon as I put them on, it was my first purchase from this website, I was so confident in the pants, that I bought another pair, but on the third wear, the stitches are almost completely undone towards the calf. This will probably be the last purchase I make with Lululemon. For the price, the quality is subpar.
I discovered the Nulu Align Pants and Crops about a year ago. Since then, I can’t wear anything else. NOTHING compares to the comfort and feel of this magic fabric, and now that they’re coming in different prints...let’s just say, between these and the crops I own about 12 pairs. As all the reviews state, they pill immediate in the crotch/thighs, so did my old favorites from another company, but the price I paid for those was half of what I pay for these. Thick thigh problems, right here. That’s not to say that Lulu should ignore these fabric quality issues, espically consodering the investment we make for the beyond ridiculously high price. These are $65 pants, if that, and I want to kick myself every time a buy a $98 pair as I wait for other companies to start using this Nulu, or something similar, and selling them at a price that reflects the quality. As for the “Thank-you” in the title of my review...Thank-you, thank-you, THANK-YOU, Lulu, for showing us models of different shapes and sizes! 5’5” 145lbs-size 8 is my go to size but there is a definite inconsistency in the sizing and fabric feel with these. I ordered a couple of pairs in the size 6 as most of my 8’s seem to stretch out and get loose through the day, but the 3 different 6’s I ordered ending up fitting SO tight and the fabric has a rubbery feel to it. I guess you could say, the Align pants/crops are kinda like a box a chocolates; still delicious but you never know what you’re gonna get.
I have been a customer from Lululemon for years and have purchased many different types and pairs of Lululemon leggings. This pair specifically is my favorite, the fabric is the softest and most comfortable. I have not had a pilling problem with these. I have made sure to follow the washing instructions and usually hang dry these. Buy, they are worth every penny.
Ok so.... super conflicted. These are literally the MOST comfortable thing you could ever put on your body. I've tried like, 20 different brands for leggings and these are BY FAR the most comfortable ones. They feel like you're wearing nothing while also feeling like you're wearing the softest pieces of fabric in the world. HOWEVER........ the quality is so extremely disappointing. My first pair started piling in the thighs immediately. I only ever air-dried them but it was like they weren't made to be worn! My second pair (which I think was their newer version of the Align) lasted a bit longer before piling, but the seams are coming apart throughout the pants (not just in the thigh area) so significantly it's like they weren't even fully sewn together. So, if you are looking for the most comfortable, cute leggings in the world, go with these. BUT, be prepared for them to fall apart in like one month. :(
I've had these bottoms for less than 2 months and already I'm seeing and feeling pilling on the inner leg. I've never put them in the dryer and do everything to take good care of them but I feel the only way that I won't ruin them, is if I just don't wear them. It's a shame because I do really like the leggings and fit but I'm nervous to wreck an expensive pair of leggings that are still new.
I absolutely adore the feeling of these leggings, however the amount of pilling I am experiencing after purchasing just 2 weeks ago, is ridiculous for the price. I purchased both a black pair and a olive pair because I fell in love in store with the fabric and the length (I'm short so these fit like a full legging with no hemming needed), but I'm heartbroken at the pilling between the legs. Its so disappointing to love something but feel like I can't enjoy wearing it.
I bought two pairs of these pants in December for my sister and I, and they are already pilling! I have been following the washing instructions and laying flat to dry, but the inseam is pilling. Unfortunately, even when great care is taken, they do not live up to the expectations for their price. It's too bad they won't last as long as expected, because the fit and feel is amazing - very disappointing.
I have more than 25 pairs of Lululemon pants and these are my favorite. They are comfortable and flattering. I have not had any issues with pilling. I did have a pair snag and develop a hole...I brought it to my local store and they had it stitched up. Wonderful pants, wonderful customer service!!
I've only bought my first pair in July but they already look like they are at least 2 years old now... They are sooo comfortable and I wear them all the time and take care of them per the instructions, but they still pill and look worn out like crazy! It is so sad because I really love wearing them, but they already look so cheap for a pair of leggings that cost $100... I also bought a second pair and that started pilling within a few wears and I hadn't even washed them yet! :( I really really love these leggings because they are buttery soft and comfortable, but I am hesitant to buy more because of how quickly they wear out...
I absolutely love these pants so much that I purchased 2 pair, however they are pilling so bad that I feel like I need to purchase another pair. For over $100 (for each pair) purchase, I feel like I shouldn't have to purchase more of these leggings so quickly. It's kind of disappointing because I love lululemon so much.
I loved these pants when I initially bought them but after just 2 wears they started piling like crazy! They pill all over, in between my thighs, on the back of my calves, and around the waist. Not to mention that the stitching has started to come loose around my ankles. The pants also stretch out after just wearing them for a bit. I was very disappointed in these pants considering how comfortable and soft they are. I was also sad to see these pants get to this condition considering they are one of Lulu's best selling items. I love these pants and would wear them everyday if I could, but I can't because of the piling and how quickly they stretch out. I also try not to wash them often because I know that they can be wrecked in the washing machine, but somehow they still got wrecked. Super disappointed that I spent so much money on these pants for them to pill and stretch within the first couple time I wore them.
I received these for Christmas and they are my favorite thing to wear on the weekends and as soon as I get home from work. They are amazingly comfortable, don't collect fuzz and are truly black (no skin peaking through the fabric when you bend over, etc.). However, they totally pill between the thighs after the second wear. I checked my old Lulu pants (purchased in 2013) and they have less pilling than these new ones do.
Back in November, I bought these pants from Lululemon. It was my first time ever purchasing something from this store after hearing such great things. After I bought these, wore them, and washed them for the first time ever, they started pilling. It's been about 4 months now, and the pilling is so bad. I'm very careful washing these, and they pill at a weird place- around the waist near the waistband. I'm really disappointed since these were expensive and didn't live up to the standard.3
I bought the Align pant and got them hemmed in store, and finally picked them up a little more than a week ago (at around 2/15). The first four wears I LOVED them, great fit, not too tight on the tummy. However, just yesterday (2/22), I noticed that some of the threads in the fabric started pulling and pilling just above my knee area, the kind that I know will eventually develop into little HOLES and effectively rendering these pants useless. While these snags are little, I know from experience that they'll cause a problem if I planned to keep them for more than two months, especially since the fabric is meant to be snug. I haven't washed these yet since I've worn them less than a couple of times so I don't think that is the cause of concern. I'm just so heartbroken and disappointed in the inconsistency of quality, especially since I feel so great in these leggings. I purchased the same pair for my sister as Christmas gift in December and she hasn't had any of the problems I've had, except for some minor pilling in the thigh area. I'm so disappointed since I spent more than $100 on something that's already started giving out on me with just maybe 5 wears (with the snagging of threads, that I know I had nothing to do with, no sharp or weird objects that would pull at my leggings). I haven't even had a chance to work out in these yet and have only been wearing them to school or for errands and I was really excited to see how well these would hold up, but I guess I'll never know.
These are my favorite, most comfortable and versatile pair of lululemons I own. However, they pill worse than any other pair I have. If your thighs touch, there is significant pilling within a month or two. I was in love at first but the pilling may prevent me from buying another pair.
Unfortunately, these pants FEEL amazing but do not hold up. After my first wear to a C2 class, I noticed pilling. While I do love the way they feel, I decided to give them a shot. Since, they have pilled much more to the point that I am embarrassed to wear them in class. I would not recommend. :(
I was so excited to get the align's because I heard good things about them. This was my first purchase of lululemon and they are probably one of the most comfortable pair of leggings I own. However, I have only worn them twice and have washed them carefully and hung them dry and they are extremely pilled. I got two pairs when I was in the store and both are already pilled. Super disappointed.
As comfy and buttery as these pants are, the pilling is the worst. I've taken special care of them (hand washing and hang dry) but they still are pilling all over the thighs!!! They look terrible after a few months of wear and are embarrassing to wear outside of the house. The construction of this fabric needs to change to prevent pilling.
I have bought multiple pairs of these pants over the past year and a half. I have been in love with them for the first few weeks but then they fall apart. The seems come undone and unravel and the fabric starts to feel uncomfortable. I've tried different ways to take care of it but it still ends the same way. After spending so much money on these pants I'm incredibly disappointed.
I'm a huge fan of all Lululemon pieces but I have to say I am very disappointed with the make of these pants. Working from home, I basically live in all Lululemon as my work attire. All of my pieces are high quality, some I have worn for YEARS and they are still amazing. They are an investment. When I first put these pants on I fell in love..I LOVE the feeling of these pants, they fit great, and they are very slenderizing! However, the quality of the pant is horrible..I've only worn these pants 4 times and they are already pilling on the inside and outside of my legs!!! I cannot believe that the quality is not up to Lulu par. Please try to find a way to make the quality better to prevent the pilling because I really love the feeling of these and want to buy in more colors!!! I would typically recommend any previous purchase but I would definitely not recommend this pant for the price and quality!! Not worth the price.
I love these pants more than any other pants I've worn, but they pill like crazy between my thighs! I got them as a birthday gift two months ago and I've worn them a handful of times, hand-washed and air dried them twice, and they're already pilling like crazy. I don't even wear them to workout because of the horror stories I've read about pilling so I thought not wearing them would be best, but pilling found me anyway. Besides that, they're an amazing pair of pants. So flattering and comfortable.
These pants pill instantly, even though I followed the washing instructions exactly. They Super disappointing because this doesn't happen with other pants. I would never recommend them to a friend. Wish I didn't waste so much money on them
I was so excited to buy these pants! In store I had asked first about the pilling issue and they said as long as you wear them what they were intended for (yoga, light activity) you will be good! After maybe 2 wears, I noticed pilling in the crotch area. Im so saddened by this because I've barely worn them and have taken care of them! Even putting them in a laundry bag to wash and kept separate from different lulu materials. Very disappointed in this purchase :(
I absolutely love everything about these pants EXCEPT the pilling. They are soft and buttery and opaque. They wick well and are comfortable ALL THE TIME! However, at close to $100, I believe they should NOT pill. It is such a bummer. I take really good care when washing them and I make sure to air dry them.
I recently purchased two pairs of these and I love them so much! They are the most comfortable leggings i've ever owned! They fit so well and the material is so soft! They have a very smooth waistband and do not leave any markings on my belly (almost all other leggings do because I am 25 weeks pregnant). However, I've only had them for 1 month and they are already pilling so bad!!!!! I've followed the washing instructions and I hang them to dry, but the pilling started after the 2nd wash. I'm very disappointed in the quality of these leggings for the price! $98 for one pair of leggings is a lot to pay to have them pill so bad after only having them for 1 month!! I originally wanted to have these in every color, but will not buy another pair because of the pilling. For the price I would expect better quality and hold up. I've not had this problem with any of my other Lululemon leggings!
I absolutely love love love the fit of these pants. I do yoga and pilates mostly and these are perfect. Sadly after the second wash they started to pill on the inner thigh area. Still love and recommend them just sad about the pilling.
I loved these pants from the moment I touched them - so soft, so comfortable, and so flattering! However, they did not hold up like I expected. I purchased these in July '17, and by January '18 they were pilling. For the price I paid, I anticipated their life would be longer than 6 months. I have other brands of leggings that I have owned for much longer than 6 months and they have yet to pill (maybe they never will!).
But I have to leave my first bad review! These pants are SO comfy. And they definitely compliment the booty. But... the pilling problem is real. I heeded the salesperson's warning about not working out in these - they're purely lounge around the house/run errands pants for me. And I'm a zealout about washing inside out, in cold water, and hanging to dry. But still, they pill. Super bummed.
I've washed them ONCE and the piling has begun. I've NEVER had a problem with piling on any leggings that I've bought from anywhere, including walmart. Like cmon. The reviews are no joke - piling is real. Do yourself a favor and don't buy these. There also very thin and only 90% squat proof. BUT they do look good on, flattering on the booty! But the quality is poor :(
These pants get a lot of flack in the reviews, but I need you to know these are the greatest pants if 1. You buy the right size and 2. You wear them for their intended use. These are not pants to go to crossfit in or wear on a run. That would be like sleeping in jeans-doesn't work. They are a low-impact pant; perfect for yoga, pilates and every day wear. I have been wearing my align pants for years, and have 9 pairs (super pumped when they started making them in prints this season). Try them on before you buy- the bigger size will feel like it fits but I promise it will slide down in an hour. SIZE DOWN and you won't have to yank them up not once throughout the day. I wear a 6 or 8 in jeans and ALWAYS buy a 4 in my aligns. I am a fitness instructor and I live in these pants every single day. Wash them inside out on cold with like items (no towels, jeans, heavy cottons) and hang them dry. If you're going to spend 98 bucks on a pair of pants take good care of them as an investment. The only time I've ever experienced pilling was when I only had 2/3 pairs and would wear the heck out of them everyday sweating. If you're wearing a pair of pants everyday, of course they won't last forever. Find your size, wear them for the appropriate use, and take care of them and they will last years (I'm on year 4 for my first pair). TRUST ME!
I have other pairs of Align leggings and love them. These leggings seemed great in the dressing room and felt wonderful. However, after just 1 wear and wash they are piling! I wash these just like I do all my other lulu leggings. Super disappointing for the price point.
I absolutely love these leggings, hands down the most comfortable pair of leggings I've put on. They truly live up to the "naked sensation" because I forget that I have them on. The only problem is the pilling...it is very concentrated on the upper inner thigh, but is consistent throughout. I'll probably end up buying a replacement pair, but very disappointing to pay that much and have them not withstand wear and tear of daily use.
These used to be my favorite pair of lounge pants until I noticed that they started piling. I am very sad about this and to think that for $98 that they are already piling after a few uses it is not worth the money to me. Extremely disappointing.
Received these as a Christmas gift and they were by far my most comfortable pair until they started piling after a couple weeks of owning them. Not just the crotch area but the sides as well. I am super unhappy and would not recommend these to anyone! Super disappointed.
These pants are advertised as designed for movement, however, they are not of quality fabric. After wearing once thorough an hour-long class, without having even been through a wash cycle, these pants have an embarrassing amount of pilling. I have purchased several Lululemon products in the past, and have never had such a poor experience that I have felt compelled to leave a review. I purchased these in a retail store after hearing that they were a "best-seller". Yes, they look great, but they won't last long. I wish that at an upscale, technical athletic apparel store I could trust that the fabric had been tested for quality, and based on the other unsatisfactory reviews of this pant I don't think I am alone. For the price, I certainly feel that I purchased an inferior product and wonder if I should be leary of Lululemon quality in the future.
It's true, there is pilling everywhere. I've only hand washed cold and yet they still pilled. They're very comfy and I never wore them to workout in. For the price, I don't think it's worth all the pilling. However, these are very comfy and squat proof.
These were my favorite pair of leggings when I first got them, but after a couple of washes, the leggings started to accumulate a lot of pilling. Don't get me wrong, these are by far the softest leggings on earth, but they are really thin. I followed the instructions and hung dry them (like I do with all of my pants) and there were still pilling.
I have never written reviews for any item I have bought online but these pants were just so disappointing I had to take the time to write this. I spent 98 (!) dollars on a pair of pants I'd hoped would have last more than a week. After wearing them 2 times maybe and washing them for the first time, the pants started pilling and became so stretchy it's impossible to wear them anymore. Yes, the fabric is awesome and soft but it lasts for literally a few days until you wash them (which I did according to they way they should be washed). If you are planning to buy these, think again. It took me forever to save the money for the pants and I feel like it has gone to waste. Should have listened to the reviews about these and never purchased. What a rookie mistake!
I bought these and wore and washed them once and the pilling had already started and everywhere on the pants too. I can't imagine how bad it will be after five washes if it is already noticeable after one.
I swear on all things Lululemon and will say $100 dollars is worth it every time. However, with this pair I'm so sad to say but they do not seem so worth it anymore. These leggings have a big pilling problem.3
I love these leggings and have bought multiple pairs because of how much I wear them! Plus they look amazing on. I would have given them a higher rating but after only a few wears they started to pill!
These pants are really wonderful pants and I fell in love with my first pair. The only downside is they don't last. I don't mind spending nearly $100 on pants IF they will last. I am on my third pair now (all less than a year old) and every single one has pilling. I took them to the store and was informed that i would need to buy a fabric shaver. I already have one and use it daily on my pants. That's not the point. For the price, they should last a lot longer. Bummed.
I REALLY want to love these pants- they are the most comfortable pants I've ever owned! I have 4 pairs, but I'm not sure why I continue wasting my money on them. The pilling on these pants is HORRIBLE, especially for something that costs $98. After 1 or 2 washes, the quality of these pants goes way down. I love working out in Lulu, but as comfortable as these are, they pill horribly in the thighs after only a few workouts. Lulu- please come up with a solution to this because I LOVE these pants!!3
I am heartbroken!! So soft and cozy to wear but they have the little lint pills and starting to tear on the seam. Let me say, I have only worn them three times and ONLY worked out in them. (No, I did not put them in the dryer) Truth be told I haven't washed them yet ¯\_(?)_/¯ 
I tried these on in the store and I fell in love with them. They are thin, but not see through. They are very lightweight - but there is one problem. They are poor quality and after about a week I noticed that they were pilling so much and they were starting to unravel a little bit. I wouldn't recommend these due to the fact that they pill so easily. I own many pairs of leggings from lulu but I was/am very disappointed in this product.
I have the original aligns from a few years back in 19 length. Being petite it's a huge deal. I was so excited to see a 25 option as that usually hits me in the perfect spot. I'm typically a size 6 - these were too big. They also were too long and I had to have them hemmed. I've heard the material also pills much more easily than the original aligns. My advice - size down, try for the align 21's if you are petite as these 25's are not quite accurate in length.
I Love the feel of these pants...feels so soft great for yoga and everyday lounging. I received these as a gift (in black) and would buy them in every color but after 2 washes (as directed) they started pilling....needless to say I gave them to my sister for her to wear as she is a yoga instructor and these are in her daily wardrobe. All in all love lulu and will continue to purchase more items.
I have had a love affair with these leggings for a while now. I have them in 3 colors and have professed my love for these to all my friends. BUT they pill and snag pretty quickly. I can live with pilling between my legs, but its spread all over and I am noticing quite a few snags - so disappointing! I want to live in these, but I have found myself babying them because I want them to last longer. These are SO close to holy grail, but not quite.
These are the softest leggings ever but pill like crazy. I only wear them for lounging and despite washing them correctly, the pilling is getting worse and seams are starting to unravel. These would be the perfect leggings if they could hold up better.
I purchased these pants a few months ago. They are super comfortable and I really wanted to love them but after only a few washes (following proper washing instructions), they started to pill so badly. I am very disappointed in the quality.
I bought my first pair of Lululemon's leggings about 3 months ago and loved them at first. Material is very breathable, probably the most comfortable leggings I've owed. However about a month ago the fabric started peeling, I took care of them the way I was directed in the store so I'm kind of disappointed for the price point, they should've lasted me a lot longer.
I bought these about 2 months ago and LOVED them. They are the so soft and comfy, but they don't last long. I've made sure to take good care of them and wash them correctly (only have washed them 3 times) but they began to pill already and even ripped a tiny hole near the stitching. I was able to sew up the hole and it is barely noticeable, but I feel like it shoudn't have happened. These are my first every Lululemon purchase and I am dissapointed in the quality of these pants.
I’ll start by saying I love these pants. Easily my favorite of all my lulu pants and crops. The fabric is so soft. Sadly, however, they do not last. The pilling has gotten so bad that the seams are starting to shred and the pilling is very visible/obvious. I was about to buy a few more colors when I realized that it’s not worth it.
I loveee the Aligns. I have a bunch of pairs and I wear them frequently. I just recently bought this pair in Navy and was so in love with the color. I wore them once and now there seems to be something along the seam that looks messed up. There's also a loose thread or something on the front of the pants. I don't live close enough to one to just go get it looked at and I think it's beyond fixing, but I only wore these once :( I love the color and the feel, I'm just disappointed in the make.
I loved these pants initially, but after having them for a few months, they started to pill. I followed the washing instructions, but unfortunately they are just a pilly mess and attract every little piece of fuzz. I love the feeling and how lightweight they are, but I wish that they would not pill so quickly and easily.
I have soooo many different types of lulu leggings, including two pairs of align II. Recently decided to purchase another pair and when i got it i was excited to wear them. i wore them TWICE since then and it has already started pilling. so disappointed in the quality of these because they are so comfy and i have never had issues with any other leggings. I carefully follow the washing instructions for all of the yet somehow these already started pilling.
I love these so much (and bought two pairs!), butttttt they did not stand up to normal (which is very careful, mindful, gentle handwashing and hang drying) "wear and tear". I have always washed lulu gear just as you are instructed to, buttttttt still it pills everywhere. at first, i was like okie, it's only a little, but now it is out of control and i don't even want to wear/wash the second that is close to its last leg. also, a seam has started to unravel - i don't know what is going on with this pant! i love how soft and buttery and almost naked you feel when you wear them, but the pilling is really bad. please advise. i am so sad.
I have spent a lot of money at Lululemon and I mean a lot. I have countless pairs of leggings. I have four pairs of the align pants. They are not kidding when they say "soft as butter." I have recommended this pant to few friends. However, after a couple weeks I noticed how some of my align pants were wearing. My black pair PILLS. And all my pairs collects lent like crazy. I seriously have to carry a lent roller with me when I decide to align pants. Great pants but the quality of them doesn't last.
I was so excited to buy these, when you first get them they are amazing, feel great on, make your butt look super amazing, sucks in the belly, but it doesn't last long! The quality is so disappointing because they pill so badly and the fabric won't hold up! I have 2 pairs of them, I never even put them in the dryer. I'm extremely disappointed since I'm willing to spend good money for these and it's not worth it. Please Lululemon, upgrade this fabric so it won't happen and i'll buy a million of these. Please make me a happy costumer
I bought a pair of these back in August. I had always been in love with lululemon and finally treated myself to a pair of these leggings. Unfortunately, these started to pill at around the third wear on my thighs. It didn't bother me much, but then the whole interior between my thighs started to pill. Now, the seam in the middle is coming apart and I honestly don't feel comfortable wearing them anymore. I loved these so so much when I first bought them!! I'm so sad2
When I first got these, they were perfect. They didn't push too much on my stomach, they were soft, and I felt like I had the same range of motion I would if I had nothing on. However, within about a month and a half, the seams in the crotch started to come undone and the material pilled between the thighs--even with the proper care instructions (wash with other athletic clothes on cold, no softener, hang dry). I am so sad that the quality is subpar as compared to my other Lululemon leggings. I want so bad to love them, but the quality falls short of expectations. I hope in the future that they re-do these leggings so that they are just as soft but are not falling apart after a month and a half.
I liked these leggings for a while - despite the seams pilling early on - but I've had to take them in to Lululemon for hole repairs twice within a few months of each toher. I've stopped wearing these pants entirely because they are incredibly see through (and they're black!); I usually would attribute to gaining weight or change in body, but I've actually lost weight, so my problem should be the opposite. With a price tag that I consider an investment, I'm incredibly disappointed that my Lululemon leggings do not last long term and instead, are only decent for 6 mo. or so. I've started to make the switch to Outdoor Voices and other brands for my leggings.
the material is my FAVORITE. they feel so good, but mine ripped at the seams in two places and are pilling. the quality was really disappointing.
these leggings are literally perfect. they never pill and are the perfect length (especially for smaller girls). i wear these to hot yoga and it feels like i have nothing on!!
I've worn these casually and for working out. I would say these are my favorite line of leggings from lululemon, thus far. I don't love where the pocket is and the black catches all the lint, but for working out I have no complaints.
I have had these pants for about two months and LOVED them! But they are starting to pill and fray at the seams!! I'm very disappointed because I have been washing them in a cold water gentle cycle with no fabric softener and hang drying them just like the instructions say. It's too bad because I really thought they were nice when I first started wearing them.
my favorite pants. wear them everyday! its too bad I have to buy them all the time because they pill after 2-3 washes. they are great pants but I wish they didn't pill so bad. all of my pants right now are pilling.:(
These pants are amazingly comfortable, but have failed me twice now. I never put them in the dryer and always hang them to dry, yet with both pairs I've experienced extreme pilling. A pair of leggings for $98 should easily last for years and I've noticed pilling after only a few wears. I am extremely disappointed in the pilling between the legs and fraying around the ankles. Not worth the money!
I purchased these and I was so impressed immediately. They were so soft! I literally wore them all the time because they were my new simple leggings that went with every outfit. I always follow washing directions with lululemon and let them hang dry. Unfortunately, this is my third pair that pilled. I love lululemon fabric but usually it's only good for a few weeks. I sometimes even avoid washing my lululemon leggings because I don't want this to happen all over again, but obviously it still happens. It's unavoidable. These leggings always cost me so much money, but honestly they seem amazing at first and later on they just seem like your normal pair of leggings you could get just about anywhere. It bothers me because they're even developing holes in the seams. I wear a size 2 and thats the perfect size, but they seem to get so stretched out as well. The material is so worn out and I really take care of my things. I'm extremely disappointed because some lululemon leggings are beyond my expectations, but others are terrible. I really loved these at first, they're so lightweight and soft, but not for long and that's a problem.
These pants really make your bottom look like you hit the gym 7 days a week. They are also so comfortable, it almost feels like you aren't wearing anything at all. Highly recommend these pants for both working out and running errands. I never have to think twice about wearing a longer shirt, because these pants make you want to show off your bum. Perfect all around.
I love these pants they are so insanely comfortable but they start to pill at the inseams. I tried following the washing directions and everything but nothing is working - don't know what is happening !
I love the feel of these leggings. I loved them so much that my first pair starting pilling and loosening at the seams after one month, yet I still bought another pair hoping my first was just a fluke. Unfortunately, the second pair also fell apart after a month. As a graduate student (or anyone), it's very disappointing to spend almost $200 and end up with no leggings!
These pants are incredible!! I was skeptical about purchasing about reading reviews about pilling and what not but I'm a sucker for soft fabric and good workout pants. I can say with confidence that I LOVE THESE. Since I got them about 1 month ago I have worn them to every single workout and washed several times. I haven't had a bit of pilling. I wash cold & hang dry, they fit and look just like the first day. I've mainly done yoga type/pilates/megaformer workouts and they don't budge... I don't think I ever adjust them during class. I need to get more colors asap! They are the most flattering pants on, hit high and suck you in but you can still breath, no fat or skin hanging over. For reference, I got a size 4 and they fit perfect (I'm a 24/0 jeans, xs, 110#, 5'2").
i have several colors of the solid color aligns. they are all soft, perfect for hot yoga and stay put- they are not slippery. the printed aligns are horrible! I purchased in my normal size and seemed fine in store. my first yoga class they were literally falling off me. they are so slick. even after a ton of sweat in hot yoga they will not stay put. super disappointed in these!
I’ll start by saying I love these pants. Easily my favorite of all my lulu pants and crops. The fabric is so soft. Sadly, however, they do not last. The pilling has gotten so bad that the seams are starting to shred and the pilling is very visible/obvious. I was about to buy a few more colors when I realized that it’s not worth it.
I loveee the Aligns. I have a bunch of pairs and I wear them frequently. I just recently bought this pair in Navy and was so in love with the color. I wore them once and now there seems to be something along the seam that looks messed up. There's also a loose thread or something on the front of the pants. I don't live close enough to one to just go get it looked at and I think it's beyond fixing, but I only wore these once :( I love the color and the feel, I'm just disappointed in the make.
I loved these pants initially, but after having them for a few months, they started to pill. I followed the washing instructions, but unfortunately they are just a pilly mess and attract every little piece of fuzz. I love the feeling and how lightweight they are, but I wish that they would not pill so quickly and easily.
I have soooo many different types of lulu leggings, including two pairs of align II. Recently decided to purchase another pair and when i got it i was excited to wear them. i wore them TWICE since then and it has already started pilling. so disappointed in the quality of these because they are so comfy and i have never had issues with any other leggings. I carefully follow the washing instructions for all of the yet somehow these already started pilling.
I love these so much (and bought two pairs!), butttttt they did not stand up to normal (which is very careful, mindful, gentle handwashing and hang drying) "wear and tear". I have always washed lulu gear just as you are instructed to, buttttttt still it pills everywhere. at first, i was like okie, it's only a little, but now it is out of control and i don't even want to wear/wash the second that is close to its last leg. also, a seam has started to unravel - i don't know what is going on with this pant! i love how soft and buttery and almost naked you feel when you wear them, but the pilling is really bad. please advise. i am so sad.
I have spent a lot of money at Lululemon and I mean a lot. I have countless pairs of leggings. I have four pairs of the align pants. They are not kidding when they say "soft as butter." I have recommended this pant to few friends. However, after a couple weeks I noticed how some of my align pants were wearing. My black pair PILLS. And all my pairs collects lent like crazy. I seriously have to carry a lent roller with me when I decide to align pants. Great pants but the quality of them doesn't last.
I was so excited to buy these, when you first get them they are amazing, feel great on, make your butt look super amazing, sucks in the belly, but it doesn't last long! The quality is so disappointing because they pill so badly and the fabric won't hold up! I have 2 pairs of them, I never even put them in the dryer. I'm extremely disappointed since I'm willing to spend good money for these and it's not worth it. Please Lululemon, upgrade this fabric so it won't happen and i'll buy a million of these. Please make me a happy costumer
I bought a pair of these back in August. I had always been in love with lululemon and finally treated myself to a pair of these leggings. Unfortunately, these started to pill at around the third wear on my thighs. It didn't bother me much, but then the whole interior between my thighs started to pill. Now, the seam in the middle is coming apart and I honestly don't feel comfortable wearing them anymore. I loved these so so much when I first bought them!! I'm so sad
I was insanely happy with these when they first arrived. They made my postpartum body look and feel like a million bucks! I made a promise that I would wash these as carefully as possible so that they would last at least 8 months, and I followed through with this by washing by your instructions and even doing the hanging air dry to avoid pilling. So as you can imagine, I was very sad to find them pilling In the first month. Now I think I’m on month 3 and the pills easily picks up any dirt or fuzz and I don’t think I can wear these in public anymore and feel put together :( sooo sad! What’s odd is the pilling is heaviest on my front thighs which never came in contact with anything rough. You guys are soooo close to something amazing with these pants.. but the pilling shouldn’t happen so soon.
These pants are so comfortable that I literally feel like I don't have anything on. They are pricey but they are very good quality. It makes it worth it. I would tell anyone that these are the best pants that you could buy.
I got these pants and initially LOVED them... They felt so soft and they fit perfectly!! After only a couple of wears and one wash they started to pill. I followed all washing/drying instructions but it just continued. I haven't even had these pants for a 6 months and some of the seems have started to come undone. I wish they would have lasted longer for the amount of the money I spent on them.
The stitching in the leggings are already coming out after only THREE wears. The quality in these leggings are terrible and I am disappointed, especially for $98. I do not recommend! My old lulus are in better condition from a year ago. These are also pilling very quickly. The quality has definitely decreased
Bought these leggings less than three weeks ago and I have already ran into an issue. The seaming in the hip of my brand new pants has come undone and unraveled after one wear. I am very disappointed in lulu at this time. I am a frequent customer here, but after this I am really questioning their quality and overall brand especially after spending 100 dollars on leggings that cannot hold after one wear.
When I first bought these leggings I loved them. I recommended them to everyone, BUT I regret doing so. After a few wears, the seams have become undone and are looping out. I understand that leggings can pile, it's just not acceptable for them to pile so soon!! Such a great material gone to waste. Definitely not worth wearing them only a few times. Now they're sitting in the back of my closet. Other Lululemon products are high-quality, so I'm very disappointed in this investment.
I bought my first pair of align pants and they feel SO SOFT against my skin. I absolutely love them. I have followed the care instructions and they seem to still be perfect in my opinion. The only problem I have with these leggings is that they do attract A LOT of lint and dog hair. Since my German shepherd's hair is pretty long and noticeable, I always have to keep a lint roller around for these babies. 
I love these pants for fit/feel and comfort during workout but the PILLING is keeping me from investing in another pair. I followed all care directions and even purchased a little "de-piller" for sweaters but nothing seems to keep it from coming back.
I had been waiting for a certain color of these align pants to come back and once they did I purchased immediately. After the first wear I was OBSESSED. They were comfy, lightweight, and just a great pant. Unfortunately, the next wear I noticed piling all along the inseams. So disappointed since these were priced at $98. Pants that expensive should last for a much longer time, not pile after wear #1.
I LOVE the fit and feel of these, I've had my first pair for a year now, I bought a second one shortly after buying the first and to date they haven't lost their shape by any means. I feel awesome in these, my only complaint is the piling. I followed the directions and tried handwashing and air drying/ they do still end up piling around the inseams, after around 8 weeks or so, which IS unfortunate given their price point. I will say also I use these for more of a running errands and lounge pant. I work out in a different lulu pant and it's held up fine.
Let's start by saying I've heard a lot of great things about the company itself and how much they stand behind their product quality. It's really unfortunate to say these leggings are absolutely not worth the money. I had heard really great things about the aligns line. They're definitely buttery soft and fits you like a glove, however these leggings (at least in the color dazed) show ALL the sweat when you workout and they pill EXTREMELY easy. I have washed my pair a total of three times and the inside part of the leggings are already starting to pill. On top of that, part of the seams are coming apart. I've followed the instructions of washing in cold water and I hang them to dry. I'm not sure about the other legging lines, but I do not recommend the aligns.
LOVE the fit and feel of these so much!!! But after a month or so they are pilling and I am so so so sad. These were my first purchase and now I'm skeptical to purchase again ):
I should have read the reviews before ordering three of these pants but I never expected such expensive pants to fall apart so quickly. I love the fit of these pants and the lightweight stretchy fabric but the fabric is so delicate that even when I wash my pants inside out in a washing bag and hang dry them every wash provides more pilling. Along with this the seams on the bottom are starting to unravel. All I do in these pants is yoga and light walking around campus so its not like im putting them through lots of stress. I just wish an athletic legging especially one with such an expensive price tag would be more durable. I still really enjoy the fit of these leggings but after 3 months they are already starting to look in distress so im not sure how much longer they will hold up.
I love these pant but I find myself having to pull them up all the time. I am wearing the correct size. I dont think I shoul dhave ot be pulling them up all the time, especially while I am working out
I have lots of lulu leggings, and these by far are the most comfortable. Yet, after I washing them a few times they starting piling very badly in the inner thigh area- I can't even wear them anymore. At first these are amazing (and I considered buying other colors), but not worth the $98 if you can only wear them a few times!
I purchased these bottoms for my daughter less than two months ago and they are already piling along the inseams! So disappointed especially with how expensive this brand is. This was our first purchases from Lululemon and now I am very hesitant to make future purchases.1
I initially ordered the black pair and LOVED them! They were my go to leggings and I had even ordered a second pair in grey because of how comfortable they were. Having read other reviews, I tried everything in my might to prevent the pilling by hand washing and air drying. Sadly, after 1 month the pilling started on the outer hips and inside thigh areas. It's so unfortunate especially having paid $98 for each pair, the quality and lifespan of these leggings just don't live up to this steep price point.
These pants are cute and flattering but pilled on the 3rd wear with all laundry directions followed. Super disappointed on product quality.2
I want to love these pants so bad, they feel like butter when you put them on, but no matter how hard I try to take care of these they pile... I only wash them in cold water and hang dry them.
I have worn these leggings to a number of light workout sessions and they performed well. Today I chose to wear them to hot yoga and following savasana I went to get up and realized that my sweat had shown through in places that were not so flattering. Needless to say I was embarrassed to walk out of the gym. These leggings had worked so well for me in the past, I was very disappointed following this sweat session.
Buttery soft and keep their shape. However, for how much you pay they do not hold up. Mine are less than a year old have stray threads, pilling and all around look very beat up. I have always washed them according to the tag they came with and never have dried them. Disappointing.
This was my first pair of Lulus pants. I use them only for walking around town and traveling. After only a couple of times I put them on i’ve noticed they started pilling. mostly inside of the leggings and around my thighs and butt. I have washed them only about 2-3 times on delicate cycle and air dried them. At this price I’d have expected better quality, especially since I hardly used them in tough conditions. I have just bought a new pair of Wunder Under so I really hope those will hold up better, otherwise I’m giving up.
So many people have been raving about these that I just had to get my hands on a pair. I bought them in black, size 8. The feel of them is amazing and they are so soft. I knew they were delicate and working out in them was out of the question, but delicate is an understatement with these unfortunately. I wore them ONCE, out to get lunch with friends, and by the end of the day there was already inner thigh pilling. I wanted to love these so bad, and I really do love the feel of them, but didn't expect them to start pilling up after one day of wear and no washing.
I honestly love the pants and would 100% recommend them, but mine are completely pilled and I follow the wash guidelines so I am a bit disappointing.
I got these as a gift for my girlfriend for valentines day and she absolutely loved them. She said they are the most comfortable pants she has ever worn. Sad part is that they started peeling already and its only been over a month. Very comfy but should not be $100 for a material that gets worn out quickly.
I was on vacation when I decided to purchase these pants from the store, since my hometown does not have a lululemon and the closest one is hours away. They looked great when I tried them on in the store, but I wore them out ONE TIME to run errands and washed them exactly as the directions stated, and they started pilling. Was very disappointed that I had only worn and washed one time (and as directed!!). For as much as they cost I would expect more wear from these leggings.
I bought this pant because of the beautiful So Merlot color, but after wearing them 2-3 times for leisure, not even for a heavy workout, they started pilling everywhere :(. Not worth the $98 price tag, even though they fit so well and are so soft!!
I was so excited the day I went into lulu to buy a new pair of leggings. I chose these classic black align leggings. I thought they would be great for wearing to class, yoga, and lounging. I was disappointed to find out with just a few weeks of light use, my leggings began to pill and strings began to make their way out of the seems. I am so disappointed because of the amount I paid for what I thought were good quality and long lasting leggings.
I bought a pair of Align 7/8 leggings and fell in love with them-- I have worn them several times and knew I would eventually want a backup pair... They were out of my size, but as soon as I saw my size get restocked-- I ordered a 2nd pair. These are not the same quality and are pilling like crazy. I only wash lulu items with other lulu items and never machine dry. I am disappointed in the 2nd pair.
I loved these pants when I first bought them. Excellent for yoga and even running! Unfortunately, the color fades noticeably after only 3 washes and I have begun to notice piling and I have not put them in the dryer. This is my fourth pair of lulu leggings and I'm pretty disappointed with these.
These were my favorite pants. I have these ones and the crops in the aligns. I love the way they feel and nothing matches it, BUT they pill like crazy. I've known Lululemon to be amazing quality and have a quality guarantee, but when I brought my aligns into the store and showed them the pilling I was told "they do that" and could not be replaced. Overall disappointed because I love how these pants feel but the quality just isn't there.
I am usually obsessed with Lulu leggings and am an instructor at Corepower Yoga and am constantly in Lulu. I bought the align pant 2 and loved them at first, but literally with one wash the seams on the side started to unravel and the material didn't feel the same (washed with cold cold and let air dry) :(
These pants are one of my favorite pair that I own because of how comfortable they are. However, shortly after I bought them they began to pill and it just keeps getting worse and worse. Disappointed about that, but I still love the leggings.
I tried these on in the store and I fell in love with them. They are thin, but not see through. They are very lightweight - but there is one problem. They are poor quality and after about a week I noticed that they were pilling so much and they were starting to unravel a little bit. I wouldn't recommend these due to the fact that they pill so easily. I own many pairs of leggings from lulu but I was/am very disappointed in this product.
I have the original aligns from a few years back in 19 length. Being petite it's a huge deal. I was so excited to see a 25 option as that usually hits me in the perfect spot. I'm typically a size 6 - these were too big. They also were too long and I had to have them hemmed. I've heard the material also pills much more easily than the original aligns. My advice - size down, try for the align 21's if you are petite as these 25's are not quite accurate in length.
I Love the feel of these pants...feels so soft great for yoga and everyday lounging. I received these as a gift (in black) and would buy them in every color but after 2 washes (as directed) they started pilling....needless to say I gave them to my sister for her to wear as she is a yoga instructor and these are in her daily wardrobe. All in all love lulu and will continue to purchase more items.
I had my eye on these pants and was so excited when I finally got them. They are very cute and very comfortable but after one wear they starting pilling. Disappointed in this lulu purchase,
I absolutely love these leggings and everything about them from the fit to how breathable they are. I purchased my first pairs of aligns in January and since then they have had horrible pilling in between my thighs! I commend Lulu for their high quality apparel, but the pilling of the fabric only on the align pants is a major downside and I hope to see them change this. If you want some fabulous, breathable leggings, get the Aligns but be warned that the fabric will pill after wearing and washing.
I have two pairs of these pants and I don't think I can live without them, but they have already started pilling and I haven't even had them for a whole 6 months. there is pilling on the upper inner thighs, which I guess in inevitable because I have larger thighs, but I was sure after caring for them and treating them like my first born children they would last a lot longer. I don't think I can keep selling my body parts for leggings that don't hold up. definitely will be on a hunt for a dupe!
After hearing everyone rave about how great lululemon's leggings are, I made the plunge and bought a couple. One of the pairs I bought were these. After wearing them only a handful of times, I have noticed pilling all over the inside of the leggings and the inseam seems to be coming undone. I do not work out in these leggings. I have only worn them to class, so it is quite disappointing paying this much and not getting my moneys worth.
I absoutely loved thsee leggings. They're incredibly comfortable and versitile - I was happy wearing them to yoga or out and about. I even purchased a second pair a few days after my first because they were so soft. But after a few wears, both pairs started to pill all over. I wish these hadn't gotten ruined so easily - between how comfy they were and the price, I had hoped to get more use out of them.
In the past I have bought the black align pants for everyday wear and I love them, although the stitching on them has stretched a little, but I don't mind because unless you look really close, you can't see. BUT I just ordered the grey/blue pair and after 1 and a HALF days wear, the left butt side pilled so much, paid over 100$ for the quality of $10, very disappointed don't recommend the lighter colors.... I don't think I will be buying them again, I love the way they look but the fact they pilled so quick... I wish I could return them
I have to say, this was one of my favorite pairs of lululemon leggings I have ever purchased. So much that I wanted to buy it in every color, plus a couple pairs of the black for safety. However, I didn't expect it to start falling apart after a couple of uses. I have not had my pair for a month yet, and the pilling has started to build up so much that I'm too embarrassed to wear it to yoga because it is noticeable in the crouch area during certain poses. I purchased these leggings full price, and for the amount of money they cost I expected them to have a little more use in them. Yes, they are soft, buttery, and feel completely nonexistent, but expect the pilling to form after 3-5 uses.
I first loved this product! I was very happy I finally purchased the align pants. I have only had them for a week. I paid full price for them but after the second wear there is a "pull" in the thigh and on the lower leg. I am very disappointed because they are so comfortable, but this should not be happing with a 98 dollar pair of legging. The seams are on the bottom of the leg is becoming undone. I have only worn these around and have not worked out in them. I love lulu but this is very disappointing.
I bought 2 pairs of these a few months ago and loved them at first, they're insanely comfortable. After a month or two of wearing them though they started to pill really badly, such a bummer.
These leggings are sooo comfortable however I have only worn them a handful of times and they're already piling. I'm so sad because I love how they feel but for the price I would expect them to last many years, not just a couple months. I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing because it seems to be a common issue.
I loved these leggings when I first bought them - and I should mention I still DO love them. Super comfortable, and feel like nothing on! I have had them for 4 months, and bought my regular size 8. I don't have any issues with pilling at all, and I wear these to the gym, barre, and around the house. I wash these only with lulu items and only hang dry. My issue with these is that I noticed this month a "pull" in the fabric in the middle of the thigh. I am scared to trim or address the pull in case it makes a hole in the thigh, which it looks like it will. I have never had this issue with lulu clothing before, even with my most delicate swiftly tops. I am disappointed by this, especially since I now have to be careful that the pull doesn't get caught or grow larger and into a hole.
I bought three pairs from a recommendation for the sale's lady. They felt so nice and seemed lightweight and perfect. However, I haven't done anything in these leggings but go to classes and the library, with just a little bit of yoga at nights. However, these leggings after three washes already have tears pilling. I have followed all of the washing instructions and hang everything to dry. Having paid full price for these leggings I am super disappointed in the quality of these pants. The are the same quality as old Walmart leggings from a thrift store.1
I LOVE these leggings. They are perfect for yoga, running etc. The ONE flaw they have is they definitely do pill. I've washed them as per the instructions, but they are still pilling. Would be 5 stars if this didn't happen!
I bought these pants recently and loved everything about them. They're so comfortable and soft. However, this did not last long. Some of the seams have started to unravel and they are starting to pill. This so so disappointing considering the price. I take very good care of them so I don't understand why they are not holding up as well as my other lulu leggings :(
I originally bought these pants in black, fell in love with them, and immediately ordered them in a second color. I have had the second pair for approximately two weeks, and the stitching from the front has come unraveled and it coming off more and more. Super disappointed because I was ready to buy more, but now I am skeptical, especially for the price.
The pants are so so comfortable and feel like butter on your legs. I initially loved these so much. They fit perfectly and were so comfortable. However, I was really disappointed because I have only had these for about a month now and they are already pilling pretty badly all over and the seems are also fraying which just makes them look really cheap to me. I hand washed only twice actually in that time and followed all the care instructions. I think that they need to last longer if you are spending so much money on them.
Don't get me wrong, I love lulu and love the workers that work at my store, but I am very disappointed that they recommended these to me. I have never worked out in them, I wash them exactly as it says, and they're my ONLY pair of lulu that has pilled and has a hole on the thigh. I even bought another pair, because I thought maybe I just had a bad pair, but the second one did the exact same thing. Yes, they are so soft and perfect for lounging and running errands.. until they fall apart on you. Therefore, do NOT waste your money on these!
I love these pants due to their softness and stretch but I have only had them for 3 months and they already have a hole in them and are pilling. These are my favorite Lululemon pants but they do not hold up well and I am disappointed because they aren't cheap.
I've admired lulu's leggings for years and never splurged. I was on vacation and decided to finally treat myself. I knew i wanted Wunder Unders in olive so I went in on a mission. Of course they didnt have any in stock so the sales associate showed me these! I was instantly in love! They were high waisted just like I wanted and buttery soft! I ended up liking them more than the original ones I was shopping for. Until..... after literally two wears the PILLING is ridiculous. I washed them exactly as instructed. and the butt already looks I've had these leggings for months. I cant even return them because I dont have the receipt or tags. And of course it was at a shop on the other side of the country. I just want my money back. I may give the Wunder Unders a try since the material seems much less fragile. But after the excuses from the associate I spoke with on the phone at my local store and the quality of these ones.... I am very hesitant.
These are my favorite leggings, period. I do intense HIIT, bodybuilding, and endurance cardio everyday. I know there is a huge issue with pilling, so I choose to wear them on days that I'm not running, or doing a lot of leg movements; outside of the gym, I'll wear them around the house, or out running errands - they are so comfy, flattering, and my husband loves the way by butt looks in them (as do I)! I have 4 pair of these pants, and they don't deserve the bad rep all the reviewers are giving based off of pilling - let's be honest, the pilling is not the fabric issue, it's the way you're treating the fabric (AKA, your inner legs rubbing together too much, or too severely in the same spot for an extended period of time). Don't get me wrong, I am 5-foot, with some thick legs, and my legs rub together, but I'm cognizant of the fact that this material is sensitive to friction, so I keep that in perspective if/when I choose to wear them. Also, they are not sweat-wicking, or sweat proof, but when I'm in the gym, I don't care if I have sweat lines.. it's what I'm there to be doing! Also - when purchasing, the sales associate always makes the point that these pants are not meant to be worn for workouts, they're "lounge" pants! For me, they're worth every penny!
This really is so unfortunate but these leggings suck for such a ridiculous price tag. I love lulu but this is pilling after 2 uses and looks like its going to rip on the sides. they are so poorly made stay far far away trust me this purchases is making me reconsider lulu as a whole if this is the quality we are working with moving forward1
I ordered my daughter a pair of aligns for christmas and after only a few days, she noticed immediate pilling and there were threads in the knee area that started pulling and created a line in the leggings that kept getting bigger. She stopped wearing them after 3 days and has not worn them since. Very disappointed with the quality of the leggings and will not be purchasing again. Sad that she didn’t get much use out of them.
These are the best Lululemon leggings I have owned!! I got a maroon pair about a year ago and loved how they were high waisted and felt like skin and then decided to get a black pair about 6 months ago and they were amazing at first but as I wore them, the seams in the crotch area started to come apart. Another thing is that they pilled SO fast!! I was them with only other lulu stuff and dry them so i am not sure why they pilled faster than my other ones! Very disappointing but I love them so much.
These are by far the most comfortable leggings! I love how they don't fall down or feel like they loose shape. However, I just got a new black pair and I noticed that there is a sort of pilling/thread coming out that happens on my quads on both sides. I noticed this happening the first week having them and I haven't even washed them yet. I am disappointed because these are my go-to everyday pants!
Have worn these pants only a handful of times and like the other reviews state they pill so bad! They are super soft and feel like nothing but it is not worth it because the pilling is almost comical. Mine have started to pill on the top of my thigh which has never happened with any of my other lulu leggings and now I hardly ever wear these because of it. Very disappointing considering the nearly hundred dollar price tag1
I see others commenting about the crazy piling. Glad I'm not alone. Keep almost buying a 2nd pair but the piling is so bad on my 1st pair I can't let myself.
These are the most comfortable pants, feels like you are wearing nothing, bought 2 pairs and after first wash, they started to pill right away. I got the feedback from the local store they aren't meant for anything but the light workout, like walking around, etc. I feel as though if you spend 99 dollars on a pair of leggings they should certainly last longer than one hand wash cycle.
These are one of the softest workout pants that I've had. Bought them at the recommendation of an employee that handed these to me while I was trying other pants on. They have the next-to-nothing but sucked in at the waist sensation. However - these pill like no other even after the first wash (with hang dry!) :( . I'm sure that many other fans of these pants have experienced this. Hope that one day lulu will come out with an align pant that doesn't have as severe of a pilling issue.

