Would love to give it 5 stars. I love the fit and feel of the align pant. It's the perfect thickness for just running around or wearing in a hatha yoga class. I can't give it 5 stars as after only a few months it's pilling all over and looks and feels less than desirable on (even after careful washing). I would expect that when spending quite a bit on yoga pants, they would hold up. Please make a better quality pant. 
Comfy but pilled at the very beginning. I bought 2 pairs thinking they felt amazing!!! Only to realize 2 weeks later that they started to rip at the seams. I hand washed them and hung them to dry since I got them so I know nothing could have caught on them and ripped them. . . not only that but I got them and they were pilling from the start. 
Not what I was expecting for 100$ leggins. Very loose fit; very thin material. Bought this several times before but the new material is very thin and very loose fitting. Shows up every lump - and I’m 110lbs! Not for me. Pretty but they are just too thin and I ordered the wrong size. I had to return them. This are pants for very skinny girls in my opinion. 
Not what is used to be. This is my third pair or the same aligns in the past 3 months and just returned this one and have returned all others as well. After ONE use they were peeling, I barely touched a Velcro at the gym from a jump box and they got messed up like they were cheap material. I have other aligns I bought last year, aligns quality is declining. It’s almost paper like. The feel of it is not so silky anymore either. I’m still waiting on the last return for about 10 days now and they said it would not get processed until September which is due to them moving warehouses. I was advised 5-7 days initially which was a lie. Not happy with these leggings at all and customer service either. All the right places is a better legging if you want to switch to something more durable. I tried. 
I still ordered these on sale even though the reviews were sub par. Pros: nice high panel (which I need) and the fabric is very soft. Con: they arrive snagged, only to snag more after 1 wear. And the pilling is practically instant. I miss the old lululemon:( these look as aged after 1 wear as pants I’ve had for ages. It’s hard to stand by this brand when the quality isn’t there for the cost anymore. 
Pilled automatically. I have numerous amounts of leggings from Lululemon and I wash them all carefully: inside out, air dry, hand wash, and by themselves so I don't mix them with other fabrics. I wore these pants and after the first wash the fabric was already starting to pill. These were my favorite pants for the first wear, so I was disappointed to say the least when I realized the material of these pants did not wear well. The material is so comfortable, but I am almost embarrassed wearing them in public now due to the immense amount of pilling. Sad. 
Buttery soft but not squat proof. These leggings are extremely comfortable. The material is very soft and the v shaped seem in the back is very flattering on the booty. I love these leggings, unfortunately, they are not squat proof, which is a real bummer since i really thought these where the best workout leggings. 
Disappointed. I'm upset because a worker in the store recommended these to me over wunder unders but after only three wears my align leggings have already pilled. They feel amazing but they are not worth $100 because they are not long-lasting. I wish I had been warned about the pilling from the worker in the store before I wasted my money. I wanted to love them, but. . . These pants are the worst! They will snag on anything so when you walk in them make sure you don't bump into anything. This is not the Lululemon fabric I have come to love. The only plus side is they are super comfortable. Now I just use them to lounge because I'm afraid if I do anything else the material will just crumble. I'm hoping this was a one off, and this doesn't happen again. 
A little disappointed. Love the leggings but they were extremely see through !! I bought the fuschia pink & I didn’t even have to bend down for someone to be able to see through them. Unfortunately these were damaged before I even opened the bag. As soon as I opened the bag I realized that these were not exactly the high quality I am used to with Lululemon. These pants have weird lines and marks from the dye pooling and being deeper/darker in some places - there is a big one to the left of center/the crotch area, and multiples down the backs of the legs on each side as well. Kind of makes these look weird when on, not sure I will actually wear these it's not like they were intended to have stripes. So good you feel naked. . . . But so flimsy :( 
I have 20+ pairs of Lulus, I live and work in leggings, and this is the first pair of pants that has ever ripped from an impact. I was on a trail run, fell directly down, did not slide, I even have photos, and the pants ripped. I rock climb in Lulus, ice skate, run, yoga, eat, and sleep in most of my Lulu gear. . . these were brand new! I am so sad that my once favorite pants are now trash, and that I only got to wear them 3x. I loved the fit and feel but I guess that major tradeoff is just not worth it to me to buy again
Poor Fit and Terrible Fabric. Terrible pants for yoga, they keep sliding down. The fabric is not absorbent :( Please save you money and don't buy this! 
Amazing pant but not good quality!! Just purchased these Aligns in slate blue. Was super excited to get them in the mail and immediately put them on and realized there was a pull in the right calf, thought it was lint but it wasn't. The pull had to come from the factory or when it was made but I am very upset because these pants are beautiful as always and my all time favorite lulus, not to mention I have 3 pairs of Aligns. They are my go to pant but seem to wear out very quickly with the almost cheap material. 
Fabric pills right away When I first put these on, I fell in love with how comfortable they felt. Unfortunately, after I first wore them to yoga yesterday, I noticed pilling right away (on the front side of the right leg, inexplicably). This was before I even washed them so it's not because of washing technique. I have other lulus (sports bras, running shorts) that I have been using for roughly 10 years. I don't think these pants would last even 1 year. I'm sadly disappointed. The Luxtreme Wunder Under that I bought earlier is faring much better than these Align pants. I prefer how the Align feels but the pilling is a deal breaker. 
Disappointed with Quality. I purchased 2 pairs of the align pants in April on the recommendation of multiple people. I typically purchase the wunder under tights because I like the compression but because Im pregnant, needed more stretch and less compression obviously. I wore them a few times, and I always wash with other athletic clothes and lay fly to dry, as I do with all lululemon gear. These tights have never ever been in a dryer or washed with fabric softener. I only wore these a few times in the spring because my jeans still fit at that point. However, it's been such a hot summer that Ive lived in shorts and had the tights stashed away. I recently pulled them out to wear them again and the piling is unbelievable. I havent even exercised in them- I'm wearing them mostly to run errands and around the house. There is piling on the inside of the thighs from them rubbing together which is totally justifiable. . but the amount of piling on the front of the thighs and generally all over the pants is unacceptable. I wear fitted shirts so no other material is rubbing that would cause this. I have many lululemon items which I take excellent care of because of the cost- overall I feel like the quality lives up to the price but not with these pants. I will say that the pants havent lost their shape even with a growing belly. It's hard to find good quality tights that arent see through which is why I'm extra disappointed since I know so many people love them. 
Soft but too revealing. I have plenty of lululemon clothing in the Luon material so I thought I would try the famous Align butter soft Nulu. Yes, they are very comfortable and yes I do like the extra seem in the inner thigh. But these are only meant to be worn in dark colours. As soon as you go a little bit lighter, it shows all your imperfections on your legs and made me pretty self conscious. Don’t waste your money. I bought it on sale; I have no idea if it is the color (pink one) but all see through; when I’m trying to returning at the store I have to buy something immediately and I can’t get my money back. . 
so disappointed! Great pants but don't last. I loved my align pants as soon as I got them, but I have now had them for only 6 months and they are completely pilled and are ripped on the seam. I am so disappointed that they did not last, especially at $98 per pair. 
Wanted to Love These. I actually bought these to replace another pair of lululemon leggings that didn't hold up too well in quality. I love the fit of these, however, I've only had them for a couple months and they have pilled so excessively on the seams between the legs that the fabric is hard and not soft anymore. They have also pilled on the waistband. I've only worn these a few times for casual use (not exercising) and have only hand washed them once. This is extremely disappointing, as the sales associate that helped me assured they would hold up with only casual wear. Ehhh. I buy lululemon leggings roughly about 3 times a month! I wear them to work out, lounge around, work , etc. But lately they just haven’t been holding up to their standards. These align pants have been worn 3 times , washed like I do with all my lululemon leggings , inside out machine wash cold and let them air dry. They’re is already piling. I’m not satisfied anymore for $98. 00 leggings they should last a lot longer than that. seaming went undone after first wash. 
I bought these pants in store because i just loved how they fit and looked on me. The best parts to them is the high rise and no camel toe because of how the inseam is sewn and not see through but it maybe because of the camo print. The only problem I have with them is after one use (hiking) many of the seems started coming undone. Other than that really comfortable pant for casual wear only. Pilling pants. I enjoy the fit and feel of these pants. The only negative is the pilling near the crotch and inner thigh after very few washes with similar material. I would expect more from lululemon pants. 
Loved But Only For A Few Weeks (TEARS!!!!!). I absolutely loved these pants but after only a few washes they started to pill in a bad way. So go ahead and buy these pants (it will be tempting) BUT only if you plan not to wash them. :(loved at first. I've had a few pairs of aligns, and at the beginning they're absolutely amazing. I do run into some pilling on the inner thigh, but I have muscular legs, so my thighs do rub together so I understand that, however, one of my pairs has recently developed a hole which was really disappointing. I can deal with a little bit of pilling, but I would've expected more longevity considering the price. Wouldn't recommend if your thighs touch!
Align Pant. I was very sad and disappointed with these. I have only had them for a few weeks and the seems have started to come undone. The fit was perfect when I first got them as well but by my 3rd time wearing them I was yanking hem up every few minutes. I love this brand an the clothing has always been amazingly high quality, but I guess there is a first time for everything. Yoga pants for climbing. Wore them climbing once and after a single use, the fabric began deteriorating from friction against the wall. Love the fit and color, but wouldn't recommend these for anything other than hiking or yoga. 
Dissapointed. I really love lulu leggings but this pair has started slightly pilling and the seams have started to undo themselves on the sides, while following the washing instructions. the store employee when I brought up the problem proceeded to tell me it was my fault for washing incorrectly. fell apart even before I was able to wear them. I wish this was a joke. . . I have been a loyal costumer of lululemon for a while now but I'm sad to say that I will no longer be purchasing from this company ever again. I just received these leggings in the mail today and right before entering the gym I realized that the stitching in the pants was already falling apart in the inner thigh section. For the amount of price you pay for these leggings you would've expected excellent quality but that is definitely not the case with lulu. 
Loose seams already. I love love love the Align pants, they are the only leggings I wear. However, I got the camo print and the seams are already coming apart, after wearing them three times. . I waited so long for this pattern to come back so it's pretty frustrating. I have these in a bunch of different colors (non-patterned) and this hasn't happened, so I'm assuming that the structure of the patterned pants is a bit worse? Love Aligns, but disappointed in the camo print
So Great & Disappointing. I have 2 pairs of these pants that I bought within the last year. I love them because they are super soft, lightweight, comfortable and flattering. BUT, both of them started pilling at the crotch almost immediately. I have lots of other Lulu pants and none have ever done this. 
Super disappointed because they are my favourites otherwise. :(. I fell in love with these pants INSTANTLY. The fabric was so soft. The fit was PERFECT. They passed the bend over test. No camel toe. What could go wrong? I guess wearing them is what. I wore them once to the mall, and they began to pill on the inner thigh. . the EVEN sadder thing is I'm 5'8" 112lbs and I have a gap between my legs. So I don't even understand how they could have pilled there of all places? I REALLY wanted to love these pants. But if I go shopping and to lunch and they pill what would happen if I actually worked out in them? Maybe next time. . 
Fabric pills horribly. I decided to go out of my comfort zone and purchased these in a purple maroon colour. Since I’m used to wearing mostly black I didn’t wear these that often. But once I did I fell IN LOVE with how light and comfortable these are. Just when I was about to purchase these in black I noticed that the fabric has pilled all over the thigh. Im so disappointed. I don’t think I’ve even worn these pants 10 times casually. I’m an on the go mom of 2 and I basically wear lulu head to toe every single day so I’m very familiar with how to care for their delicate garments. For the amount of use you get before they fall apart 
these pants are NOT WORTH IT! fall off the hips. I am a true 14/16. I bought these in a 14 and they fell off the hips. (my crotch was sagging) I bought these in a 12 and they fit perfectly, but feel like they could eventually do the same for there is not much compression at the waist band. They are the most comfortable I have ever tried on. I'm 5'9. The 28" llenght is perfect
Align Camo. Just bought these in camo at the store, wore them twice and they have already begun pilling between my tights. I wear a size 8 and have many lululemon leggings. None have ever pilled so fast before! They are incredibly soft and I love the pattern. Just a bit annoyed about the quality! I will keep them, but I will have to be so careful with them. just ok. Bought these pants for yoga and was perfect for the first two uses. I washed them separately on gentle cycle and now they are coming apart at the crotch. These are my first pair of lululemons and probably my last. Completely different fabric. I have two other pairs of aligns from about six months ago which are amazing and feel great on. The fabric is buttery smooth. I ordered the black sequoia camo aligns (full length) a few weeks back and the fabric is completely different, not in a good way. They feel like a rough stretchy cotton and collect dust like crazy. I have no idea if it’s because of them being full length or a patterned print but they feel like a completely different pant. Very unimpressed. I now can’t order my leggings anymore and will have to go to the store to make sure I am getting what I pay for. 
So cute and so soft but so big! These leggings are so cute and so soft! But sadly they just run so big and I did not know this before purchasing! So literally every step I take I am constantly pulling them up. And I feel as if they have actually stretched out more after wearing them a couple of times. So sad you pay $100 for leggings and they are not even true to size. First time lulu buyer. . . not what I expected. I was super excited to finally get my first pair of lululemon leggings since I'd heard such great things, especially about the Align pants. I originally went into the store just to try on a pair to see what size I'd be, but I fell in love with the softness of the align pant and bought it immediately! I was aware that they weren't made for high intensity training so I bought them intending to wear them around and for upper body days in the gym. So I was super disappointed to say the least when they started pilling before I even washed them! It's like I couldn't even walk from my car to work without them pilling. I've washed them a handful of times now (and air dryed them afterward) and the pilling is so bad that I don't even find myself reaching for them anymore. Super, super disappointed in the quality since I definitely expected much more from a $100 pair of leggings!
loved them but. . . fatal flaws. I bought these in an 8 in submarine (I'm a 6-8). Loved them at first - the seams are so flattering, love the fit of these pants BUT they have some FATAL FLAWS. 1. sweat stains still SHOW even though I chose a dark colour to avoid this . . . not cool. I worked out in them once and have not done so again since I was so embarrassed. What good are workout leggings if you can't wear them to work out? 2. they stretched out much more than expected. I am usually a 6 or 8 and the 6 felt uncomfortably tight so I went with the 8 and now really regret it. the waistband is not as flattering as it was originally, they start to slide down now and I've only worn them 3 times. Such a shame, the fit is so flattering but it's hard to look past these flaws :(
Bad Seems. I loved these at first because they fit and feel amazing, but the seem in the crotch quickly came out and now there is a hole in them so I can't wear them. They fit perfectly, so that wasn't the problem. 
Not worth the expense! Started piling after a few wears. The leggings were really soft and comfortable but after a few wears, the inner fabric started piling. It was really unfortunate because the leggings are super flattering. Not worth the money. I purchased these pants as they were extremely comfortable at the store (and still are today), however, the quality has significantly deteriorated and I would not recommend these to anyone. They are only about 6 months old (look more like 6 years old), and they've gotten to a point where I can't even wear them in public. The inside of the legs have pilled so much and everything clings to them. I wash with similar clothing items in cold water/hang to dry so I know this is not from my care of the pants. I have a pair of Lululemon pants from years and years ago and they still look brand new. There is no pilling on the inside of the legs and no visible white lint. Too bad the quality isn't what it used to be. 
Horrible material. Bought these with a refund gift card cause the last pair was instantly pilling and looked worn after 1 use. Same thing happened again. I am no longer buying lululemon leggings anymore as these keeps happening even with extra care. so much pilling. The leggings were the most comfortable leggings but there was so much pilling that it looked old. 
Beautiful Pants, but the Pilling is Disappointing. I bought these leggings in black a few months ago as my first lululemon purchase (i finally caved!). I love them, but I am disappointed that they have begun to pill. I was not expecting this with how steep the price was. . . 
I am sad. I am from Czech Republic, so I didnt want to buy them not knowing how they fit and so on. But when I traveled to the USA I desided to spoil myself. I tried them and loved them. But since then I worn the only 4 times (washed them once, following the instructions) and they are already piling up in inner thight area. I am so sad and disappointed! They cost a lot of money, so this shouldnt happen. 
At first I loved them. . . When I first bought these pants I loved them. They were super comfortable and fit so well. However, after wearing them for only a couple of months the fabric on one of the legs was destroyed. I have no idea how it happened, but while wearing the pants I looked down and noticed a patch on the side of one leg was pilling badly. On closer inspection, I could see that the fabric had actually snagged in a million places. There was even a small hole. I am so disappointed that I can no longer wear these pants. They are comfortable, but the delicate fabric cannot handle everyday life. 
Sadly disappointing leggings. These are the softest leggings I own. I have a pair in black and navy and I am considering buying a pair in green. They are super comfortable and I love wearing them for lounging, running, and of course yoga. Unfortunately, despite my gentle care (handwashing or washing on delicate) these leggings started to pill after only a few uses!So Dissapointed. I tried these on at the store and loved them. I've worn them three times so far and they've already started piling up in inner thigh area and after only 1 wash (I washed exactly as directed on the website in cold water and air dried them), I SEE FUZZIES in the inner thigh area too! I am so upset because I paid a lot of money for them. I was looking forward to buying more colors :(
Pilling everywhere! honestly the most comfortable leggings i’ve ever put on in my life. downside about these is that there was pilling after the first wear & it continues to get worse. i’ve had them for about 2 months and no longer wear them bc they just look cheap and old with the pilling everywhereNot meant to be use for movement. Omg whomever design this pant gotta not be a fitness person or maybe ultra skinny with inner thigh gap. I am 125lb pear shape no inner thigh gap in my body and that ridiculous double inseam that runs through the inner leg made me wanna rip the pant off. I walk at least 6 miles daily and I bike to commute. Inner legs are a high friction area. . . why they added that double stitches makes no sense. All day my inner thighs were suffering. When I return it to the store because I got my inner thighs burned. . . they told me the pants were meant to be use for lounging. Seriously? I am super active and this pants could only work for girls that don't move much or have inner thigh gaps. 
I really want to love these leggings but. . . . When I first tried these on I was so so so in love with them, they literally feel like butter on your skin. However, after just two washes (in cold water, hung to dry, just like instructed) I noticed some of the stitching was pulling around the waist and there was pilling all up the inner thighs. I have $15 leggings with a better lifespan :(
Loved the material but not the extra stretch. Soooo, I love these but wished I would of gone a size down. I usually wear a size 6 on lulu bottoms but these stretched out. I wore a couple of hours to do light upper body weight lifting and within the hour I’m pulling them up and constantly adjusting. I bought two pairs one online and one in store and both stretched. I can see a bit of peeling I’m the inner thigh of one pair. Otherwise material is nice and soft, but now I’m stuck with expensive leggings that do not hold up. So Comfortable But. . . 
Pros: Pattern is a lovely matte and surprisingly not see through considering how thin the fabric is. Length is perfect even for long legs. Cons: fits loose, SIZE DOWN! Fabric does not stay in place and the waist is too large. I find this fit common in Lulus that do not have a drawstring. Great Fit, not durable I was gifted these for my birthday, so I treated them like gold! Basically the best present ever, Lululemon's! I finally called customer service about the seam coming apart around the waist, only to be told thats 'normal for align pants'. no further discussion. I love the fit, light weight and fabric but overall not durable. I realize that these are very expensive pants and have multiple reviews of similar issues, I hope they can find a solution. I am very disappointed to say the least. 
I loved them. . . . at first. I loved these pants so much that I got them in 3 separate colors. They are extremely comfortable and the fit is very flattering. I followed all of the instructions for washing and air drying. All three pairs have started to pile on the inside seam and one of the pairs even ripped. It is very unfortunate because the pants themselves were one of my favorite pairs of yoga pants
Very disappointed. I received the leggings and were very happy at first at how they looked and felt. After only a couple times wearing them, they started pilling on the inside leg. I followed all the directions on cleaning them and never machine washed so I was very sad that I paid so much for your average pair. No support. No support although I love the Camo print but the fit is loose and unflattering so I'm real disappointed. I am a fan of the wonder under low rise and thought I'd try a different fit silly me pulled off the tags cause l liked the color. 
Soft but dissolve into nothing. . . I own 10+ pairs of lulu leggings and was very excited when these came out. They are incredibly soft but don't let that fool you. . . Once you start wearing and washing them, they dissolve into nothing. I've had them for about a year and my pilling is so bad that I am embarrassed to wear them out of the house (I've de-pilled them a lot as well). I've also had to take them in to alterations because the seams come undone after time. Last time I took them in, I was told you're not supposed to work out in them. My activity in them has been mostly errands, traveling, etc. Love lulu but do not recommend these at all; it's simply not worth the investment to have your pants fall apart in under a year. Amazing until you wash them. 
These pants feel like you are wearing nothing. They are so soft and great to workout in. However, I have now washed them a few times (following LuLus washing instructions) and the pilling gets significantly worse with each use and each wash. They have also started getting tiny little holes in them. I personally don't think I would spend another $100 for a pair of leggings that get holes in them just by washing and wearing! 
Might be time to switch pants. So let's start with saying that I own 4 pairs of Align pants/crops. They're the most comfortable 'everyday' tight I own. They fit true to size, and are incredible for the first few months. This is when the pilling starts. I have a pair of crops that I ONLY work out with because the pilling is everywhere. Calves, shins, gusset, and the sides. I've accepted that they're my 'bootcamp' crops, and that I can't wear them anywhere else. The full length pant has actually pilled right where my seatbelt does up in my vehicle. I have smooth leather seats, so it's obviously the belt clip that's causing the problem. The crotch area also has excessive pilling, and now a large thread has started to come out. I treat all Lulu items with care, and I've worn these sparingly, knowing about the pilling issue. I typically wear a uniform to work, and Lulu is my casual go to attire - but for $98, and a constant need to replace these things, it might be time to try something new. For reference, I'm 5'8 and about 150lbs - slimmer, but curvy build. Good at first. . . They were amazing at first and fit in all the right places. But through out the month they shape started to deform and the inner thigh and crotch started to completely pile. I was only able to get a couple uses out of them when they looked good :( I wish they stayed the same fit and feel as when I originally bought them. 
Disappointed. probably the most comfortable pair of leggings that I have ever owned by they started to pill so quickly. I have worn them about 5 times casually (not working out) since purchasing and they have already started pilling. That are very comfortable but for $98 I expected better wear. Love the feel - dislike the pilling. I loved the way that these pants fit when I tried them on but I was disappointed to find that after a few wears and washes the pants started to pill. I was hoping that the other reviews were not true about these pants, since I saw others had a pilling problem as well but I am sad to say that they started to pill for me as well. When you pay this much for pants you would hope that they would last. Not like other aligns. I’m obsessed with aligns. I have them in every color and have zero complaints. I got this pattern and they don’t fit as well as normal aligns. It may be the camo pattern but they aren’t buttery soft when they’re on like normal. I returned them. 
Okay but. . . . . This was the first product I purchased from lululemon. When I first got these pants, I was in love. Super soft, super stretchy, and it truly did have a naked feeling. After wearing it about 2 times, they pilled at the inner thigh area. I havent washed them yet so this occurred just out of wear. This next part is through my own stupidity, but I tried the razor hack to get rid of pilling. I always do this on other *CHEAP* leggings, and it always works. I was extra gentle with these leggings, with a one blade, crappy razor because I didnt want to ruin it. I tried it on and whooooops, it ripped. Right there, around the crotch area was a huge rip, so really I DONT RECOMMEND DOING THAT. Honestly, it was a big disappointment how my 5 dollor leggings lasted that way better, which shows this isnt a durable leggings. This is why I gave it 2 stars because paying a 100$ for leggings, I wasn’t expecting that at all. I know that they repair it for free, but im temporarily living in a country with no lululemon stores for the next 6 months, so im going to have to pay even more money to get this fixed by a professional tailor. 
Amazing, but pilled quickly. These are my absolute favorite leggings, but I wish they hadn't pilled so quickly. I ordered a size down because they tend to be less compressioned than the wunder unders and I LOVED them. However, even after following the washing directions, I had pilling all over the butt and the top of the waistband, both inside and out. Pilling!! These are the most comfortable pants, but after a few wears they pill like crazy. I got these because I loved the old version of aligns but they had the same problem, and I thought that it had been fixed. Such a shame because they really are super comfortable. 
Not worth the money. I purchased these leggings about three months ago and use them as an everyday pant (I work in an athletic store). After the second wear, the material started to pill. This is very disappointing due to the price of the pants. For 100$ they should be better quality. Not What I expected. I am a huge Lulu fan, but these were a let down. After a few months of very careful care my Aligns have begun pilling and the stitching is falling out. I mostly wear them on a cool day because they are not sweat wicking like it says, on multiple occasions the lighter color aligns have shown sweat lines on my legs. I always make sure to wash on a delicate cycle and I flat dry because I've had other active wear damaged in the past by drying too often. The color of a pair of black ones I got for a friend have begun to fade and pill after less than three months of use. Super let down and wouldn't recommend these for the price, or to work out in/do yoga in. Also if you decide to get them size down a size. They run big. Color is not the same as pictured. The leggings were a good material and were in good shape, but i ordered slate blue which is pictured as a light blue color and when they showed up they were more of a dark grey-blue. Will be returning. 
Waste of money. I wasted all of my money on these leggings. The day I went to wear them for the first time they felt fine at first but as my day went on the seem in the inner thy started ripping and the leggings are my size so they weren't too small. I am very mad with my purchase and that I wasted my money on a pair of leggings I only got to wear once. Comfy, but pilling. These are my most comfortable pair of leggings, but after about only 3 times wearing them (no washing), they started to pill on the top of the thighs. After owning them for about 4 months now they have gotten very pilled which is disappointing. Love but it’s high maintenance. 
Love the naked sensation. I take very good care of them but they start to pull and the seams are coming off. Not happy. First I would like to state that I own many Lululemon Align pants 7/8. I ordered the Align 28” because I wanted a longer legging so it could cover down to my ankle. I was surprised and not happy to see that after the second wash, they lost its luster, color and fabric feel. They now look like my older leggings, although they are still new. Very unhappy because I bought a second pair for my birthday, and now not sure if I am keeping the second pair. 
Started Pilling right away!!!! Bought these because I love the soft material, but within a month of buying them the crotch started pilling and the legs of them aswell!! For pants that are $100 I expected more. Loved them, but. . . . I fell in love with these pants and bought two pairs within a week. I am regretful now that they are pilling and loosing all their luster. Quite disappointed with them. 
Mixed Feelings. I wanted to love them . . . As far as wearing them around the house they are great, but I have only had these leggings for a few months, barely wear them, never wear them to work out--just as loungewear, and follow all wash/drying directions (air dry only etc. ), yet they are so embarrassingly pilled that I won't wear them out of the house. Waste of money, I guess. It's really too bad, because they are the most comfortable leggings I have ever worn! I was going to order more until I saw how horribly they held up (or didn't. . . lol). They also arrived, brand new, with a snag in them, which was a bummer. 
Pilling. These pants are very comfortable. I have had them for only a couple months and they are already pilling. Wouldn’t buy them again. Perfect at first. These were my favorite leggings for about 2 months until they pilled so much I can’t even wear them anymore. Very disappointing for the amount of money spent as you would think they would last you at least a year. I love the feeling and the fit but the quality just isn’t there. Makes me think twice about purchasing another pair of leggings from lulu. Poor material. I loved these leggings at first, they are super soft and perfect for day wear and Pilates. I have only washed them a few times on cold and hung to dry and they are already pilled and super worn out - To the point that I don't find they look nice to wear anywhere except my home. Submarine color has sheer issues. Super bummed that the pant in the submarine color had weird sheering issues with horizontal lines visible across both thighs and was less saturated than the color appears online. Lulu gave me a gift card for the return as I had already removed the tags, and I'm not sure if it was just the pair I had because I have a pair of Align crops in another color that don't have this issue but be forewarned. I wear size 4 in Aligns and size 6 in ATRP for reference. 
Wanted to Love. . but pilled. I really wanted to love these! When i tried them on in store, the were so comfortable and soft and I loved the colour of them! I even read the reviews, but figured people hadn't followed the proper washing instructions. Unfortunately, even with proper washing and normal wear for yoga classes, they pilled a significant amount. There was pilling between the thighs which i could live with, but then it start everywhere else as well. It's so disappointing that after paying so much this would happen only a month or so later. 
Disappointed. bought these tights in need of good, comfortable pants, but so disappointed after wearing one day already pilling and falling apart. They are super comfy and I wish I could say I loved them but pilling after one wear is not worth $98. 
Disappointed. I LOVED these at first! I purchased 2 pairs of these, one crop length & one pants length (at different times). They began to pill in the crotch and both completely ripped and had to be thrown away. They fit & felt amazing, I wish the quality of these were better for the price!Super comfy pants but. . . Incredibly comfortable leggings however these started pilling after a few wears, I noticed it on the outer thigh where my tote bag was rubbing against them. I wash on cold cycle and hang to dry, these would wear well if you did absolutely nothing in them which is unreasonable :(
Did not work out. I got these around a year ago and it was my first pair of Lululemon leggings. It felt nice but I always had an issue with it sliding down. The only time it did not slide down was after I started sweating at the gym. I then wore it a couple more times and the seams started coming apart so I stopped wearing it. I recently decided to give it another try and got the In Movement leggings and they feel SO GOOD!! Perfect for working out and to run errands. 
Amazing leggings, but pilling is a huge issue. These leggings look absolutely amazing on, and are so comfortable to wear. It feels like you're wearing nothing! My only problem with them is that they start to pill very easily. At first it was just a little on the thighs but now its happened all over my first pair to the point where I can't really even wear them out anymore! Its very disappointing because I've washed them as instructed and taken good care of them and they are now barely wearable. I paid $98 dollars for these pants and definitely didn't expect this to be a problem after only a few months. 
Love the Pattern, Hate the Pills. The align pants are my all time favorite lulu pants. When they came out with a camo, I was so excited. I loved the pattern. However, the camo version seems to attract any/every kind of fuzz/lint/pills and it gets noticeably dirty. I LOVE the align pant but very upset with the pills and lint. I would recommend the align pant, just not in this pattern. Bad quality. I think I may have received a defective product because the pants had marks on the back and the shorts that I also ordered had a strange streak of color along the pants. I would recommend going to the shop and picking out the outfits, not order online. 
Best fabric in the world but too delicate. I always tell my frd how comfortable nulu fabric is, but also warn them it can pill crazily after couple wear. My pants pilled aft 3 months, follow wash instruction. . . air dry. . . what else should I do? Hand wash? sigh. . . Pilling. I want to love these pants. They are so comfortable. . . but they pill like crazy!!!! I have only washed them a few times and have been extra careful after reading other reviews. I wash them in a garment bag, on the gentle cycle and lay flat to dry. I am so disappointed as the pants have began to pill on the thighs and between the legs. Compared to my other Lulu gear the quality of these pants seems to be lacking. 
Pill galore. Pros: Fit amazing even when I was 9 months pregnant. They were super comfortable! Cons: They pill like crazy. Loose around ankle. Other materials stick to them so they look grungy super fast. I actually bought 3 pair of these because the first pair started to pill at thighs and got loose around the ankles. I chalked it up to being pregnant and wearing them all the time. So I purchased two more pairs so I could rotate them more. Within 1-2 times of wearing them they were pilling and loose around the ankle, fluff would stick to them, and stitching came undone at the top. Very disappointed. I've bought tons of lululemon everything and when I saw camo pants I was excited. Upon trying them on I realized quickly they are too loose, but not just that because I can easily move down a size. The material is thin and cheap and not really what I am use to with lululemon quality. It looks and feels cheap and that's a disappointment considering the costs of each item. My worry is that no matter what size I stay at with the quality of this item it won't matter because it will stretch out anyway. There are yoga pants at target that have a better fit and actually look and feel like good material that will last more than a few washes. Please go back to the time when your material was worth your costs. . . 
Very Dissapointed! I am so so disappointed in those pants. I've had many align pants before and had no issues with them. However my recent purchase was very disappointed. Only after 5-6 wears, pants stretched out and started to peel on my bottom. I wish I would not spend a $100. 00. Will never purchase again. So disappointed …. I bought this yoga pants thinking it was going to be an investment for my comfort, but no! At first in the store it seemed like the perfect pair, the fit was great, it was super fitting to my body, but after a month or it got stretched out so much. I was washing and hang dry them to keep them perfect but the efforts weren’t worth the end result. I’m literally walking in the streets and pulling up my yoga pants every minute, not fun at all. Even when I’m in yoga or running I have to pull them up… so over these! I have cheaper pants that are still better than these pants, you are definitely paying for the brand name and not the quality, you would think that after paying this price it would be better quality, but no!they've got better options. 
Super disappointed about these. . . The in-store feel is everything you expect and after 1-2 wears is everything you hate about leggings. There is more than normal pilling at the thighs (thick girls yoga too!!), and the color has definitlely faded (yes, I followed the instructions). Luckily, I bought 2 different pairs during this purchase or I definitely would have not been a customer again. Very disappointed that the $100 pair had worse quality than they 'sale' pair for $59. . Not cool. 
Great fit, but very delicate. First of all, I LOVE the fit of these pants. They are so comfortable, and I have received many complements about how great they look! I am a little disappointed with how quickly the material has started to deteriorate. I have washed them according to the instructions, however, they are starting to "pill" in many places, and the seams are starting to look a little ratty. I have only had them for a few months. For the price I would have expected them to last a bit longer. Perhaps the pair I bought is uncharacteristic of how long they will usually last. 
Overall Great Fit, sad about pilling. I bought these pants back in late March in anticipation of returning to clinic to work as a nutritionist & manual therapist. I told the Associate I needed pants that allowed me to work freely as a therapist and she said these felt 'like butter' - I Totally concur! The pants feel amazing, I love wearing them, my legs and butt look great in them, and they aren't so tight that it's uncomfortable like the compression pants Lulu sells which I also own (forget the name). They are way more moveable if that makes sense. The one sad thing is I only work 1 - 2 days a week, and only wear the pants for work, not to mention I am a freak about washing my Lululemon clothing. It all gets washed together on delicate cycle with natural detergent and no softener, I hang it to dry, etc. I never sit on wood benches or concrete or anything that could pill it, I never let it in contact with velcro - etc - all that to say I am hardcore about caring for my Lulu clothing, most of which has lasted me 5 - 7 years! But these pants, after only a few shifts of wearing them and a few washes, began pilling like crazy on the seams, and now they are even pilling all over the front and backs of the leg part too. I know the associate had said these need extra care, but even with all the extra care, they still pill, so I'm really sad about that. As of September I'm working 3 days a week and wanted a pair for each day. I'm hoping they can develop a sturdier fabric that doesn't pill as easily before I make that investment. 
Wanted to love these. . . Ask any of my friends/family I try to justify paying the premium price that Lululemon comes with to them. However, the align pants have me second guessing myself. Pilling on these pants are out of control for the price you pay for these. I have 3 of these pants and take very good care of them. As much as I love these pants and the brand in general, I won't be able to justify the price for the quality anymore. Favorite pants, but now seams ripping and pilling. These have been my go to leggings - super soft and perfect for lounging. As instructed, I never wore them for running, only yoga and pilates and never put them in the dryer. Unfortunately now they are pilling quite a bit and are also ripping at the seams in various places. Love the product but wish it held up better!
Pants don't last very long. . . I loved the fit of these pants, super comfy but I'm pretty dispointed because they're already in rough shape and I didn't even get them too long ago. The material is already starting to wear out. . . . So definitely not worth the price. 
Pills Pills Pills. These leggings feel amazing when you first get them, the fabric is luxurious and I love the fit, but they pill so quickly. I have 2 pairs of these leggings and both have the same problem--pilling along the seams and on the butt. I never dry them and always wash them in cold water, but nothing works. I'm frustrated because I have only had these leggings for a few months, and for the price they should not already be pilling like they are. I usually love lululemon products but I am disappointed at the quality of these. 
Short Term Heaven. I must be one of the biggest lululemon advocates I know. . . especially the align pants. But every single time I purchase them, I'm disappointed within 1-2 months because they pill and eventually rip open in the crotch. I've even had them fixed and then they rip again. I love these pants so much so it sucks theyre only wearable for a short period :(
Wanted to love them but they pill. I wanted to love these leggings because I love lululemon products in general, but I was really disappointed that only after a couple wears and after following the washing instructions (washing with other lululemon products, hang drying them) they still pilled. For $98 I was expecting better quality. 
Disappointment, Poor Quality. I have been a Lulu customer for years and have always loved the comfort and quality which has kept me coming back. Unfortunately, I own 4 pairs of these and the first 2 or 3 wears were awesome, so comfortable and soft but that was it. . . I handle all of my Lulu items with care and NEVER put them in the dryer. I wash with gentle detergent and on the gently setting and hang dry them. 3 out of my 4 align pants don't even look like the same pants anymore. They look old and extremely worn when in reality they have only been worn less than a handful of times. I am extremely disappointed because these started off as my favorite pants and they quickly changed my mind and opinion of Lulu quality all together. 
Love at First Sight. When I went into the store and tried these on for the first time, they felt amazing. It really does feel like you are wearing no pants. The comfort in these pants is why I rated them average, but the quality in the soft fabric is not ideal. After my second wear, the pants already started the pill. After many wears, the fabric continues to pill and now I do not reach for them when picking out my outfit. You do not want to sweat when wearing these pants. I have the pants in a lighter colour and if you are doing hot yoga or really getting a sweat on, it will be outlined in the pants. 
I fell in love with the material at first, but I would not buy another pair. Love them but. . . The pants are so soft and look amazing but they do pill after the first wash. I did follow the laundry instructions so I am disappointed that this happens!
Pill Central Station. I really really really want to love these pants! They feel amazing but they pill so unbelievably easily. I have had a few pairs of these thinking that maybe the next pair would be better quality - however, these leggings always pill! I tried all sorts of different laundry washing techniques, but nothing seems to work! I washed them with like fabrics, tried hang drying and tried throwing them in the dryer. Regardless, these leggings always end of pilling! So sad because they are so comfortable and thin and amazing otherwise. 
Pilled way too easily. These were the very first lululemon leggings that I have ever bought, and I have to say I'm a little disappointed. I know you aren't supposed to do too much activity in these as they are meant for yoga, but I NEVER did anything more than walk or stretch in these. They pilled after my fifth wash, and though I am tempted to buy another pair just for how soft they are, I don't think I will. Please fix this!
Such comfortable leggings; however, falling apart. I love these leggings so much that I own 5 pairs. They are by far the most comfortable leggings I've ever owned. I've seen some reviews and a majority of them are on the pilling, which I've never had an issue with. On many pairs that I own of the Align Pant "Full Length 28" all of the seams are falling apart. I haven't had them very long, and I follow the care instructions along with it. For leggings that are so expensive I would have thought they would last longer and be of better quality. I've also noticed weird lines, which look like discoloration throughout the leggings in different areas. They are more noticeable in the lighter colored align pants. 
Pilled way to much. I wanted to love these pants! They are so comfy and fit like an absolute dream! But just after a couple washes they seemed to get thiner and started pilling like crazy!! Sad because these are my most comfortable pair of leggings but can't wear them anymore because they are thin and pilled. Too thin. I really wanted to love these leggings, I'm typically a huge Lulu fan. However, after a few wears it started pilling like crazy, and the fabric was no longer tight and fit baggier on me than i would have liked, which made them uncomfortable to wear. I would recommend another one of their leggings with a thicker sturdier fabric. these leggings even ripped in the knee, which has never happened with my other leggings. Overall I was simply disappointed in this pant. 
Wanted to love. I'm so sad about these leggings. . . I tried them on in the store and absolutely loved them, but then I wore them to a yoga class and they were completely see-through and started pilling after one wear. They're so incredibly soft and fit so well :( 
Lululemon please make these a bit thicker and more durable and I will buy them all. excited but disappointed. I was SO excited to find these pants - they feel amazing on, and they're probably the only legging-type pants that pass the see-through squat test. However, after wearing them only a few times, they began to pill sooo much in the thigh area. I was really disappointed that they didn't last longer considering what I paid for them. I followed the care instructions carefully, but still there was so much pilling, and threads have started to come loose too, both on the inner thigh and lower near my ankles. 
Not what I expected. I orginally bought a pair of align pants 25" in black and fell in love! My favorite leggings by far. I went out and bought a pair of the 28" in an off blue/grey color and was excited to have another pair. However, after one wash and VERY LITTLE wear there is already pilling and a small tear in the seam. 
Dissapointing. so comfy but don't hold up. I love the comfort of these pants SO much that I actually own 4 pairs of them. I recently bought a pair in a size up from my regular size because I am pregnant and needed a little extra room! Before I even washed them they started pilling and despite following all of the washing/drying rules, the pilling has continued to get worse. Also, all of the seams are fraying. This has happened with some of my other Align pants and I took them in to to be repaired. This time, when I got them back the seams were fixed in some places, but definitely not everywhere. I still love these pants because of the comfort but I would expect much better quality for the price. 
Disappointed. I fell in love with fit and the softness of these leggings immediately. I take extra good care of them in terms of wash and use, however the pilling started early and continues all over. I still love the fit, just really really disappointed in the pilling :(extremely disappointed. I bought these a few months ago and I was so excited. I had been eyeing them for so long and decided to get them. They fit perfectly and the look was amazing. Ive only had them a short time and they are pilling like crazy and I take care of them EXACTLY as I am supposed to. I read all the directions very carefully. 
For how expensive these are, I'm really upset. I am a pretty loyal Lululemon customer so I am pretty bummed out. There were my favorite leggings and now I can barely wear them because of all the pilling. Don't Last. I was looking for tights that were light fabric and breezy. First time ever buying something from lulu. Lady at the store rave to me about these pants. I love the light material but these pants but they don't last long!! They pill like crazy the material doesn't last long. Also it doesn't hold up it stretches out over time. I can't even wear these pants anymore because when I do wear them they just end up falling down and not holding up. I'm constantly having to pull them up every time I walk. Took such good care of them follow the instructions on how to wash them and everything. Such a WASTE OF MONEY!! Bought 4 pairs of these PANTS and spend over $400. That's $400 down the drain. SO disappointed and it's not like I can ball out hard on pair of lulu tights all the time. I'm so sad the fact that they didn't last long and wasting my money. Feel like I got cheated out. 
Pill like crazy! My friend raved about these pants to me due to them being so soft and a great fit. After I was in in New York and bought them on National Women's Day (thank god i got 20 percent off), I realized they were the BIGGEST waste of money! They pill like crazy and are made out of the worst material. They are good for about one wear and then it's downhill from there. Not to hate on Lululemon though because they do typically have awesome products(: Just wanted to let others know my experience!
Pilling and ruined. I have a black pair of align pants that I LOVE, but they are falling apart! I never machine dry, but the pants are pilling and threads are coming out. I'm very sad because when these pants are new they are heavenly, but after a handful of wears they start to break down. Pilling after few times wear. I love this pants I have to admit. It very comfortable. However it just like other reviews, it started pilling on the thigh area after a short time wear. It's disappointing. 
Pilling on pants. My husband bought me the align pants about 6 months ago. They are very comfortable but I don't wear them too often. Even though I don't wear them too often, the pants have started pilling and threads are coming out from the actual material of the pants. Given the price of these pants, I would not expect them to start shedding thread. I even went in store to get this fixed, they sent it back to the warehouse but when they gave it back to me, the pilling and threads were still there. Mix Review. I am a HUGE lulu fan and I was so excited to buy these pants as friends always gave me fantastic reviews. I am usually a wunder under fan but thought I would give these a try. I must say these are the most comfortable pants I have ever bought however, I have only owned mine for 10 days and already the seams of my pants have started to come apart in 3 different spots (only have worn 4 times). I am not usually one to write a review but I am disappointed so far with the quality compared to my other Lululemon pants (as my other pants have lasted me 3+ years). I would still recommend these pants but would recommend checking the seams on them. 
Amazing pants. . . for a few uses. I was so excited to get my align pants. I LOVE the dark olive colour, the fit and rise is amazing, and they are unbelievably comfortable. They were probably my most flattering Lululemon pants. Up until today I would have given them five stars. However, I've worn them about 4 times now and the pilling is unbelievable on top of my thighs. I would expect a bit of pilling on the inner thighs (friction, etc) or even on the bottom, but it's on top right above my knee and again close to my hip. I've only used them for light activities and nothing has happened that should have caused this. They look absolutely trashed and I haven't even washed them yet. I wouldn't feel comfortable wearing these out anymore, whereas the few times I had worn them out before I received tons of compliments. 
Super Disappointed. Super disappointed with these! Store associate assured me that these were sweat wicking and would be good for yoga. I sweat right through them leaving huge wet patches where you do NOT want. So embarrassed in these and would not expect this for the price. 
Disappointed and upset. 
Favorite Pants. . . but then started pilling after 1 wear. These are seriously the most comfortable leggings that I've ever owned. I love them for running/yoga/general workouts, as well as just everyday wear. However, the pair that I just purchased in black is already pilling around the thighs after just one wear. . . super sad, especially considering their price. 
Loved it the first day. Despite all the negative comments, I wanted to like this pair of leggings. The first day I wore it, it was great. Great fit and it really defined my calves. After a couple days, it started pilling and it felt overstretched. I'm not sure if I would recommend this pair to anyone. 
My favorite but SO PILLY. I was OBSESSED with these leggings when I got them and I wouldn't take them off. I must have really loved them to death because now they are covered in pills to the point I don't wear them anymore. I love these pants but wish they lasted longer. So comfortable but pills so fast! I hand wash my athletic wear and bras. I hang to dry. These align pants were incredibly comfortable, so flattering, and truly like a second skin. Unfortunately, I have worn them twice and they are already pilling. I am sad that I spent $98 on a pair of leggings and they are already messed up. 
Horrible Pilling. I absolutely love the fit and feel of these pants. The fabric is so soft, but I've only worn them a few times and they're already pilling to the point where they're unwearable. Very disappointed in the quality. What a waste of $100. Do not purchase. PIILLING!!! Don't get me wrong - I LOVE lululemon tights and these are my absolute favorite pair. . . . until you wash them. After the first time, my tights were already pilling!!! If I'm going to spend $100 on pants, I want them to last at LEAST a few washes before pilling. . . so disappointed because i really love them. :(
Dissapointed. I love lulu leggings and have tons but the align started to pill very quickly even though I followed washing instructions. They have almost completely worn out in a short period of time. I was disappointed because my other lululemon has lasted me for years. 
Dissapointed. I bought these in February, and I was in love with them at first. But after just three washes, even though I followed the "care" instructions, these leggings practically wasted away. The pilling is unbelievable, and I feel as if I can't even wear them out anymore due to how bad they look. It is disappointing that I only got around a month of wear out of these. For the money I paid, I expected more. Not worth your time or money. 
I finally took the plunge. . . regardless of all the reviews of how delicate these pants are. I figured I know my lulu and how to take care of it. I was wrong! BEFORE I even washed these pants the stitching was fraying, the butt is fuzzy (not sure how this happens??) and the legs are starting to show some signs of piling. And there are a couple random spots that have snags, I have never had an issue with lulu's getting snags. I have no problem going to the store and taking these back myself, all the associates are really great in exchanging or returning my money however I needed to express my review to warn others on this pant. 
Love hate relationship. when first wearing these pants, O M G, they feel like butter, my favorite tights initially. However after only a month of owning them and they started pilling on the thighs, on top which is an odd place to pill. I hand wash cycle these tights with only my other lululemon clothing and always hang to dry so can't for the life of me explain the wear and tear. I've owned them since spring break and now just wear them for buming around because they look terrible. The fit is amazing, like a second skin and they did feel like butter when first wearing them however now with the pilling they really haven't held up well, disappointed. I wouldn't recommend them for that reason, too expensive to only last for a month!
Immediate pilling. I received these pants 13 days ago, wore them twice and washed them once (yes, I laid flat to dry! Followed care instructions to the T) and they're already pilling. I LOVE the pants– the rise, stretch and length are all perfect–but I am disappointed in the pilling. 
Love but Hate. I LOVED these leggings, for about the first few months. I paid special attention when wearing them and washing them and they still ended up pilling very badly. I wanted to love these so bad but for $100 leggings they should be able to last much longer. I am so disappointed in the quality in these leggings. Immediately started pilling. I really regret not reading other reviews before purchasing this product, because like all the other reviews say: it immediately started pilling, even before I ever washed it! They are hands down the most comfortable pants I ever wore, but look really scrubby now. 
Very disappointed. So beautiful, but so pilled :(. These pants are beautiful, and soft, and the pastel colors are absolutely fantastic. I have always been so careful washing my lulu, and I will never dry it. Somehow, I have not had these pants for over a few months, but they already have so much pilling on them. I am very sad, and a little disappointed in how they are not holding up as the rest of the lulu that I own has (I have a pair of pants with no pilling from 5 years ago. . . ). I understand the fabric plays a part, but for $98, I would hope they would hold up longer than a few months, shoot. 
So disappointed. I generally love Lululemon clothing and never experienced an issue, but I've had these for only two months and only worth them a handful of times/washed them once VERY carefully and they've started to pill. I'm so disappointed as this is not the quality one would expect after buying $100 leggings. I have seen the other negative reviews before buying them and own several other align pants but the quality of these is not the same. Awesome to upsetting. I love these pants so much, I wish they lasted. I bought 2 pairs, a black pair and an olivey green color. I wanted to live in them. I am super careful with my Lulu, I even do a separate load just for my Lulu, on a delicate cycle with cold water and I NEVER put them in the dryer. Most of my yoga pants from here have lasted years which is why I keep spending the extra money, because I trust the quality! Within 3-4 wears, both pairs of pants are pilling, and there are threads peeking out, the black ones have what feels like a stocking run in the butt after sitting in the car for a road trip, and the green ones have these weird darker green lines in them? I wish I could buy all the new amazing colors, cuz they are sweet for summer. Even though the wonderunders aren't as comfy, they seem to be more durable. 
Lots of pilling. I own a pair of the old aligns and a pair of the new ones. My old ones have no issues, the new ones, however, pill like crazy. I have a lot of Lululemon leggings and I make sure to wash them in cold water and hang them all to dry. Even though I love the fit and feel of these leggings, the fabric does not hold up if your thighs touch together what so ever. It's disappointing because I paid so much for them and don't even wear them anymore. I really wanted to like these. These are super breathable (a little too much for my purposes actually) but they pill up for almost everything! These are my first pair of lemons, and I dont have a problem with any other yoga pants I've bought. Since these are so expensive, you would think Lululemon would have considered this. Now I know what everyone is talking about, so really, its whether you think you can deal with this. Its a pretty big downside, in my opinion. 
Pilling. Hubby bought me my first pair of leggings for Christmas. I have worn maybe 5 times and have lots of pilling between thighs. At first the fit and feel were great, now they seem shorter (no dryer time) and degrading of fabric. Disappointed that the cost and quality do not match up. This will most likely be my first and last purchase from Lululemon:(
Love to Disappointment. In the beginning I absolutly loved these leggings. They were just the type of leggings I was looking for; light weight, tight and very slimming. However, making sure I followed the directions carefully, after a couple washes the seams started to deteriorate and the leggings itself began to pill :( These leggings are definitely not worth the price listed. So soft, but doesn't last. I got these in black and immediately fell in love. The nulu fabric is so soft and comfortable, I thought I had for sure found a new replacement for Wunder Unders. But alas, the buttery fabric was too good to be true - it's soft but it also pills very quickly after only a few wears. I was very careful to follow the care instructions, but there is so much pilling along the inner seam the crotch, and the bottom. Super bummed that the quality is not what I expected out of Lululemon. 
Ripped. So upset. I love the fit, feel and look of these leggings and was planning on ordering another color just yesterday BUT today I discovered a hole by my inner thigh near the seam so the fabric is coming out of the seam. I am not pleased. I spend so much on these leggings NOT to be embarrassed at the gym while I am stretching. Before it was the piling problem and now poor quality products. 
Best leggings ever. . . until they weren't:( I've been eyeing these leggings for the longest time, waiting for a merlot/pink color to come in stock. I finally found them in store last weekend and bought them. I was so excited since the material is SO soft and they are SO comfortable. I didn't want to believe the negative reviews and thought that maybe people somehow received a rare, defected pair. Sadly, it has been only 5 days since purchasing and my 3rd gentle wear (I have been lounging or walking short distances in them) and I noticed they are pilling! I expected this could happen after multiple or incorrect use, but this happened behind my calves which makes absolutely zero sense. I haven't even put them through the laundry yet and this happened. I wasn't expecting this quality for the price that I paid. So disappointed as these were literally my favorite leggings. 
Heart Breaking. I have many pairs of Lululemon yogas but these were my first ever aligns, I heard so much about them and instantly fell in love with these pants. I have had them for two weeks and not only did they pill on the inside but after one car ride where the side of my hip was touching my friends (we were sitting next to each other) THERE WAS PILL. They look awful now and I am so devastated because they made my butt look amazing and they felt so comfortable to wear. I have never had a pilling issue before, I don't chafe, but am a very active person, however, I only wore these to one yoga class no weight lifting or running. I washed these twice hand washed with cold water and air dried. I am a size 4 5"11 and I bought the Sage ones. I don't know what causes this, but know it is a very unfortunate buy. They are beautiful yogas but will give up on you in 2 weeks. 
Poor quality. When I first got these leggings I was very excited about them. They were super soft, the print was great, and the materiel felt like butter while also being tight enough to flatter. "I thought, are these too good to be true?" Well, yes, yes they are. After just a few wears and washes, these started to pill. And I mean pill badly. They also started to fade out a bit. I am so disappointing. I have followed the care instructions and they still continue to fade and pill. This is the quality that I would expect out of a $10 pair of leggings from a supermarket. Definitely not the quality that Lululemon is known for and that I expect from a pair of $100+ (shipping, tax, etc) tights. 
Disappointed. I bought my first pair of Lululemon align leggings a couple weeks ago and they are the most comfortable pair of leggings I own. I didn't really buy these leggings to work out in, but just for running errands and lounging around the house. Unfortunately, I can't wear these outside of the house because they are see through. I expected more from a $98 pair of leggings. Inconsistent with 25" Align. I just wrote a glowing review about the 25" Aligns so I'm extra disappointed that all my 28" Aligns have fallen victim to the pilling issue. I have multiple pairs of both lengths and though they all start off feeling and looking the same and wearing perfectly (literally the best pants ever), after a few months of wear and delicate washing, my 28" all PILL. LIKE. CRAZY. To boot, the pills have started to get itchy inside along the seams so I stop constantly through my workout to scratch or adjust them. I have no idea what causes the inconsistencies or maybe if it's a coincidence that it only happens to my 28"s, but I'll just be sticking to my 25" Aligns until the problem gets resolved. Ughhh. These are the best pants ever like super comfortable and flattering but jeez. . . I'm not sure if I got a bad batch but my black pair got a few pulls after about 3 times of wearing them, no strenuous activity. About 2 months later, having worn them a few more times, they started pilling on the back of my knees. . . Not sure how that works as I don't roll around on cement but definitely not impressed as they were 1) pricey and 2) such an amazing pant, without the imperfections. 
So disappointed, especially cause I have a pair of the Align II in Navy that I've had much longer and they're in great condition. I wear these very lightly and wash all of my Lululemon's the same way but for some reason, these ones have not held up to my standards. Out of my 6 current pairs, these are the worst off and the ones I've had the least amount of time. bad pilling. I love these leggings more than anything. When I first got them they had no pilling and were super soft. They are still super soft but now have a lot of pilling which makes them quite uncomfortable to wear. Also, for some odd reason, they don't fit as tight as they used to. Now they are a little lose, snug when I'm just wearing them like normal leggings. When I dance in them they get a lose and I have to constantly pull them up. Poor quality for high price. 
I absolutely loved these pants the first time I put them on. So comfy. . . I want to live in them. But the quality is just not there. They are already pilling and I've had them for not even a month. The seam is coming undone around the waist. For the price I expected much better quality and for them to last. I just love how they feel and I want to buy more in different colors but I can't buy more if they're going to pill within a couple wears. Very disappointing. loved them but. I loved these pants !!!! they felt like i was wearing nothing. I bought them around xmas and fell in love. But after a few washes they looked like i had them for years . I followed the care instructions like i do with all my items . I am very disappointed i loved them so much at the beginning . 
Disappointing. I got this as a gift from my bf and I was really excited at first because they're super soft and so flattering. Pretty airy too so it's really nice to workout in them. But the material definitely isn't made to last. Only washed these twice and they started frilling at my crotch. . . how awful! It's like I have a hairy cameltoe every time I wear them now. Expecting a longer life expectancy for such a pricey pair of tights. Definitely would not recommend. 
Good quality -- when there's no holes. I just bought my first pair of lululemon leggings yesterday and came home to put them on and there was a hole in them already. They're the most comfortable leggings I've ever owned, but they came with holes which was disappointing considering I paid over $100 for them. Great Look and Feel, Questionable Quality. I own these leggings in both black and navy, and I adore the look and feel of these leggings. However, they starting snagging and pilling after a month, and have only continued to do so. Even the stitches fray. I was disappointed in the such fast wear on these leggings, which keeps me from purchasing more. So sad considering I love wearing them, they just don't hold up. Expected More from Such a High End Brand. 
I have several pairs of Lulus and these are above and beyond my favorite!! The feel the fit, you name it! I am a fit athletic build but my thighs do touch, I am definitely not a model with a thigh gap. Not sure I would recommend these pants to anyone who has thighs that touch. The pilling on the inside of the legs is insane, it looks terrible. Not what I would expect from such a high end brand. Maybe I should try a different fabric?
Very comfortable but stitching started pulling right away. I was soo excited when I first bought these pants as they are my first pair! Yes they are extremely comfortable but I am disappointed at the fact that after the first time wearing them the stitching on the side began to snag and unravel and then after I washed them the stitching on the back began to snag as well, I've literally only worn these leggings twice so for spending $100 I was not expecting them to snag right away. soooo comfy but not long lasting. I love lulu lemon, but I am disappointed with the quality of some align pants I got recently. I bought two black pairs this past winter. One of them has held up extremely well, while the other fell apart after only a few weeks of use. I brought them to the store and sent them to be repaired because they were falling apart at the seams. They came back and looked great, however only a few days later I found a hole in the back of the same pair I sent to be fixed. I only wore them 1-2 times per week and followed the instructions on how to maintain them (cold wash, flat to dry, no fabric softener) so I was obviously upset to find a hole in the back of the one I sent off. 
Awesome turned horrendous. I have two pairs of align pants, got so excited about the black pair that I bought a second pair in gray. While the gray have pilled moderately, despite correctly washing them, the black have turned into the popcorn ceiling that everyone dreads to see when buying a new home. They are embarrassing to wear out in public because of the pilling, but I love them so much I continue to do so. This is just a warning that at first they may seem like the most amazing pair of leggings to exist, but you will soon be disappointed once they need a washing. Wish Lululemon could figure this fabric problem out because I seem to not be the only one disappointed. 
Buy the "wonder under" leggings instead to avoid this issue. I still support you lululemon! Really bummed I spent $300 on these pants. These pants are the best and worst thing Lululemon sells. I believe their quality has gotten worse in recent years, which is sad because there are so many lower priced alternatives to Lulu now. I bought 3 pair of these recently and I really wish I could just have my money back. These pants are so comfy and are great for relaxing, but as soon as you walk around in them or wash them (even according to their directions) they pill so bad that they are embarrassing to even wear in public. NOT what I wanted for close to $300. I work hard for my money and I wish Lululemon would have worked harder to keep their products in good quality. NOT good workout pants. I bought these in the sage color in replacement for black, since I always seem to buy black leggings and I wanted to try something different, but I ended up very disappointed. They fit way too large for my normal size 8 that has always fit perfectly from lulu before, and even the slightest sweat will show in these pants! I had butt sweat after my first 5 minutes of working out. . . not a good look. :( I LOVE the sage color but wish the fabric was thicker and didn't absorb moisture so well, and wish it was more like the full on luon texture. 
Comfy but quality issues. I own a pair of align crops that I absolutely love so when the full length pants were released this past fall I ordered them immediately. Extremely comfortable and fit like a second skin but after about a month of casual wear/light yoga that fabric began pilling. I have now had them for about 8 months and the pilling is to the point that I question wearing them out of the house and the seams around the ankle began unravelling. I want to love these but the quality has me disappointed :(
So Comfortable but Not Worth the Pills. As soon as I put these pants on I was in love until I wore them a few times and noticed how quickly they started to pill in areas they shouldn't be pilling. I wore them very gently and never out them in the dryer expecting them to last. However the pilling continued and they seemed to lose their shape as time went on as well. Ive never had a problem with my lulus pilling so I definitely wasn't expecting it to be this bad. Absolutely love the thought behind the material but unfortunately its just not worth the hassle of constantly dealing with the pilling. 
Still Dissappointed. This is my fourth pair that i have had in the past 2 years. I absolutely love how comfortable they are, how high the waist is and the length but the fabric just is not good quality. I hand wash and hang dry my leggings and i wear them to just lounge in because my previous ones have been damaged from me doing light yoga and things in them so i chose the safe route (so i thought). These pants are still pilling but this time it seems to be down the front of the pant as well. I don't know what else to do because i am doing the bare minimal in pants that cost the same as pants i could go to the gym in. Just sad that they pill so much because they are so comfortable. 
Disappointing. I signed up to do my yoga teacher training in LA so I needed some new gear. I'd never tried the align pant, and the educator said they are great for yoga so I bought them along with many other items. I loved them at first - comfortable, like second skin, and flattering. Then I slowly became disappointed. First thing, they maybe work well for a slow practice, but I mentioned I sweat a lot and do intense flows, but the educator said they were fine for that style of practice. These pants are not. They show sweat (I got navy) and they do not breathe. Secondly, and worse, the stitching is completely unravelling along the waist. I've followed all of the care instructions meticulously and have only worn them for yoga practice. I am a 20 year Lululemon fan (from Vancouver), always advocating the brand, so I really hope the quality is not going down along with employee knowledge. The prices are normally justified as the quality is amazing and the product lasts - but not this time. 
Great, except. . . I was so excited to purchase these as I have been looking for tights that are comfortable and flattering - these are both! I was so disappointed when I wore them two days in a row and they started pilling on the outside of the material. In living on a teacher salary, these were quite a splurge for me. I would assume that a $100 pair of tights would hold up better - especially after two days and without being washed/dried. I would not recommend spending your money on these. 
Without Pilling They'd Be Perfect. These are so soft and comfy and they were exactly what I was looking for, but I wore them once and they already started to pill. The pilling is so bad now that it's embarrassing to wear them. It's also unfortunate because of how expensive they are. I barely got a good month's use out of them. How has this not been fixed yet? I made the mistake of not checking the reviews on this product before purchasing the Align pant. Lululemon is (or at least used to be) a company that stood by it's product and aimed to improve it, especially with overwhelming feedback. Well, these pants, while extremely comfy, pilled within the first couple weeks. And not just between the legs, but in random places, where I must've brushed up against something one time. I'm disappointed that customers put trust into Lululemon, they give their feedback, and yet these pants continue to be of subpar quality. While they were happy to return the pants when I complained, I don't think putting a bandaid on this problem is the best solution. This is clearly a subpar product that you're continuing to sell knowing full well it has a serious problem. 
Disappointed. I seriously love these pants so so much except for after wearing them one time they have begun to pile pretty bad in between the leg area. This makes me really sad because they are so super soft and the piling makes them uncomfortable now. 
The best legging. . . until it pilled. I was absolutely in love with these leggings when I got them in the mail. They were a much better, softer, looser feel than the luon high waisted legging, I feel like I can breathe in them!! I am 5'7 so I was so happy when I saw they had the 28" since the 25" were cropped on me. I went to go buy another pair a few days after I received mine in the mail, but I instantly started to notice pilling after 3 days of wearing them and never washing them yet. I would not have been surprised if they started pilling after wearing them for a few months and gone through the wash a couple times. I was shocked only after a few days they started to pill. I am so upset because I love them so much, I do not think I will be buying them again :( I am so disappointed after paying so much, that they would pill so easily. 
Want to love it. I wanted to love these so badly since they are so soft and comfy. However, after wearing these to yoga twice they are already pilling. I am so upset with the quality of these pants since they are so pricey. poor fabric. I have 3 pairs of these pants, and two of the have already ripped. I'm not sure if the quality of the fabric has changed, or if it's "cheaper" but I was working out one day, doing heavy deadlifts and the rubbing of the bar on my thighs ripped my pants!! these are the only Lulu pants that have ever ripped during deadlifts, I was surprised and disappointed because these pants are so amazing, and fit great on me. Bought a second pair, and the butt of my pants ripped in the washing machine. Now I have these tiny little holes in the butt, totally unwearable. I have no idea how this happened, but I'm disappointed in the quality of these pants. 
Piling. I have recently bought two pairs of the align pant for my daughter and based on previous comments I read after purchasing them I have washed both inside out as it was said to help the prevent piling. Although I have only washed each pair no more than three times they are piling terribly. I have purchased many products from Lululemon in the past and this is the first time that I have felt very dissatisfied with any Lululemon product. 
Great fit, but ripped and faded. I bought these pants in black with the mesh panels on the side. These fit great and are comfortable, but the mesh on the side has holes now. Also, the color has faded. I Wish I Could Love Them. I really wish I could love these pants! They felt like heaven for the first few wears. I have had them for just over a month and only wore them a handful of times but they are PEELING. The texture of the fabric seems to have changed after a couple of washes; I wash them by hand and let them air dry. They fabric is extremely fragile. I did a couple of work out and though the colours I have purchased are adorable, they SHOW SWEAT in all the wrong places! When I work out I love getting sweaty, but I've never had pant that show it this much. I have now retired them from my work out routines (partially due to embarrassment). They are comfortable to wear around the house but I would not have spent $98. 00 on a pair of lounging tights and even less 2 of them. Luckily I learnt my lesson with the first pair and I am being extremely careful with the second pair. 
Pilling. Hi, I got a pair of these leggings for my birthday and I’m actually really upset with them because I expected to get a lot of use out of them but after like 2 washes they started to pill in between the legs. I wish that there was something I can do to get a new pair because I had very high expectations for these leggings. Amazing fit the first time you wear them but quality wears off so quickly. I received these pants as a gift from my mum and I absolutely loved the fit the first time i wore them, but when I followed the care instructions to wash etc after a couple of washes my pants completely lost their fit and buttery feel :(( so sad as they are expensive, just not worth the money as they dont hold their qualities for long!!not like them at all except the fabric. They become extremely fuzzy and ball up with the inseam only after two washes. And become very loose and lost the support. With a 100 bucks spent on this pant, I can't wear them anymore after only two washes! Though I use delicate wash and air dry them, this pant with particular this fabric and cut does not seem to be durable for fitness wearing. They're ok. I did love these pants, and they've held up for a while. But they lose their famous "buttery" touch after a couple months. Sad to say there are little balls of fabric everywhere, pilling, that won't come off. Will wear these til they're done, but won't be buying another. 
love the feel but pilled. I love lululemon and have purchased many things and LOVE them such as the flow y bra, energy bra, all tied up tanks, and I gave these leggings a shot because they are so soft put they pill right away after wear I even bought two more pairs and they did the same thing I love love the way they look and feel but mine were basically destroyed after two wears :(Soft but not worth it. . The lulu align pants are amazing when you try them on instore, however after you bring them home and wear them for a few weeks they become extremely fuzzy and ball up everywhere to the point where i cant wear them anymore! I only hand cold wash and air dry all my lulu clothes, however, this piece just doesn't seem to make the cut. Not impressed at all with the fabric. 
Short lifetime. I love these leggings, so much so that I have continued to buy them when the current ones I have are no longer wearable. I have three pairs of these and the same thing has happened everytime. At first you will absolutely love them, they are SO soft and the fit is absolutely amazing. If you are a legging lover you will die over these. BUT, they do not last very long. Depending on how much you wear them, you will get less than a year of use out of these until they become unwearable due to massive pilling and fading. Even if you abide by all of lulu's recommendations and never wash with towels or dry etc. . these still won't hold up. A lulu employee suggested a buy a fabric shaver and unfortunately because of the frabric lulu uses, the shavers don't really work. Overall, to me they are worth a year of frequent use, but if you are on the edge on deciding to spend the $100. . . these might not be right for you
Horrible Piling. I bought this expecting high quality but even after following all the washing procedures my lulus are piling already. I wish the fabric was different since the fit of it is so beautiful. Comfortable but not worth the money. I received these pants as a gift and loved them due to their softness and how comfortable they were when wearing them. They fit is greatl but the quality is definitely lacking for almost $100 for a pair of leggings. The pants started pilling after the first or second wear. Now, a couple of months later the pilling is so much worse and is inside and out of the pants and have a couple of snags (and I only have worn them around the house or for going out to run errands). These were my first pair of Lulus and I was hoping they would work out better but I'm now hesitant on purchasing other Lululemon leggings in the future because of the quality issue. If you don't mind pilling then these pants are for you. 
Buyer Beware. I absolutely loved these pants so much that I bought a second pair a year later. However, this time around I am beyond upset!! I've had them for about 2 months now and the pants are pilling and the seams are coming undone even with following the aftercare. I am disappointed because they're not a cheap investment. The reason I loved my first pair was because they do feel amazing when on and the fit is like no other legging I've EVER had. Like I said my first pair was awesome but the second pair was terrible, so I'm not sure if I would recommend simply because of the uncertainty of quality. 
Pilling! I really do love Lululemon products but I am a bit disappointed in the quality of the align pants because they pilled like crazy. First it was the inner thigh area but now even the leggings in general. I do wash it as instructed, I just don't understand why it this $100 pair of leggings get damaged so easily even though it is still super comfortable. Disappointed in my purchase. . . 
Almost loved them. I really want to love these pants. In fact, I do love the way that they fit, feel, and look. However, I AM SO DISAPPOINTED. I have washed them once, and worn them twice now. The seams are already falling apart. :( When I spend almost 100 dollars on pants, I expect them to be good quality. You'd be wise to spend your money elsewhere. So disappointed in this pair, Lululemon. 
Pillling!! I love lulu and all their workout gear! I have had pants that have lasted me for 7+ years. I bought the align pants because they were so comfortable and soft in the store, and were recommended as a good, everyday legging (which they are). But within a few weeks they already started pilling, and the inside of the legs and even on the tops of the thighs pilled and were covered in little fabric balls. Pretty disappointed because they were quite expensive and I expected better from lulu!
SO Comfortable but. . . Pilling!!! These pants were my absolute favorite. . . Amazing buttery material, squat proof , they are truly so comfortable but. . . the PILLING IS SO BAD on both sides (inside and out. . . . ) I wish mine lasted longer since they are an expensive investment. It's sad to see them basically ruined after only 8 months use because of how bad the pilling is. 
Absolutely Loved Them At First. These Pants are by far the most comfortable pants I've ever worn from Lulu and they do look great however after a month, the fabric started to rip. I've worn lululemon products for awhile so I know how to take care of their pants. I never dry in the dryer but for some reason, these pants did not last very long. the most comfortable pants ever, but poor quality for the price. I am obsessed with these pants and fell in love once I put them on and want every color. However, after just 2 washes, they have gotten pills and are in terrible condition. Hard to understand based on the price and expected quality, and also upsetting because my favorite pants are now ruined!!
So disappointed :(. First of all, let me start off by saying I LOVE Lululemon. I love the concept it stands for. I was so excited when I decided to purchase these pants for my study abroad trip. They held up pretty great! However, once I got home and washed them in the upper thigh it started to have little tiny fuzzy balls. They looked like they have been worn out when I only wore them twice in my 15 day adventure in Europe. For the price, I wish they lasted longer. I own multiple clothing item from this store and this is the FIRST time I have encounter what it would be my biggest fear. :(
Dissapointing. I have two pairs of these leggings and fell in love immediately. I love the lightness of the pant, the way they feel and how they look. However, the fabric on the inner thighs of both pairs quickly started balling up and looking worn out. For the price - I simply do not think they are worth it if they only last so long. Saddened by the quality. These pants fit and feel beautiful. However, the pants are pilling already and I only bought them a couple months ago and they have only been worn a handful of times. Unfortunately I didn't read the reviews before buying as I see others are having the same problem. If I had bought these at a cheep store I would expect pilling or wear, but not from a higher end product that i consider a 'treat item' after having had 2 kids. I bought another pair of Lululemon pants at the same time, which were a different material - Luon - and they have not worn in the same way and have been used significantly more. 
Pilling. I have bought a couple of these pants over the past year, and when they are brand-new they are amazing. The fabric is incredibly soft and they are very comfortable. However, like the other reviews have said, they pill (for me it is in the crotch/thigh area). The last pair I bought started doing it after just a few wears. Very disappointing. Poor Quality Leggings. I was really excited to buy lululemons and mostly because everyone was talking about them and how they are worth it and etc. I wished that I listened to the reviews!! Many of them were about how they tear easily and how they wore it once and now have a hole but i thought they were careless people, so i ignored the review. I wore them to school ONE TIME and I left with a small hole on the left thigh ! I have never had this happen to other brands of leggings. I am not kidding when i say that start to pill and attract stuff after you wash them the first time. 
Poor quality :(. I loved these leggings when I first put them on (fabric is so soft and they just felt amazing) but after wearing them only a few times they started pilling. They are still wearable but I am so disappointed I spent $100. Not worth the money at all :(((Gets worse as you wear them. I love these leggings but as I've worn them the material started balling up everywhere: on the butt, thighs, between the thighs, and they're not what they used to be. I have many other lulus but this is my first pair of align leggings and these are the only lulus that have balled up on me. I also follow the washing directions and they still balled up really badly on me. 
So soft, but. . . . This was my first lululemon order and let me just say, I LOVE the feel of these leggings, however they pill so fast. I've only had mine for about a month and I already have some pilling on the inner thighs. I do light yoga in them, nothing too strenuous. They feel so nice, but I'm not sure if they are worth it. Wish they were better quality. . . I love the fit of these leggings, the thickness and the way they fit but they pill so bad!! I did not even have these pants for over a month before they started pilling. Also, they tend to stretch out and not go back to their original shape just because they don't feel very spandex-like. I expected more from a pair of leggings this expensive. 
I just wish these leggings were better quality because I love the way they fit and feel!!Great at first, awful with wear. I bought these in February, wore them to yoga and occasionally while studying. They were awesome at first, but with wear they progressively got more and more pilling to the point where they hardly look black in the butt. Disappointed with the quality, especially compared to other lulu clothes I own. 
Amazing at first. . . When I first bought these pants I absolutely loved them! A few months in though I started to realize that they were pilling. This was frustrating because I always made sure I put them inside out before I washed them and washed them with my other lulu's/delicate clothing. These pants are great for the first few times you wear them. I have unfortunately stopped wearing mine because of the amount of pilling happening :(
Poor Quality - Listen to the Reveiws. I read the reviews of these pants warning of the quality and I should've listened. . . I wore them to the gym ONE TIME and I left with a small hole on the thigh! I have never had this happen to other brands of leggings. After one wash, I can also see the beginnings of the pilling everyone speaks of. I am so disappointed. Sure, the fit is flattering, they are opaque and do wick sweat as advertised. However, they are the farthest thing from durable. If you plan to do more than a gentle yoga class in these, expect them not to hold up. Please invest your money elsewhere - I wish I did. Not a fan. I ordered these in the efflorescent barracks green color because I though the print was so unique and beautiful. When they arrived in the mail, I did love the print. However, I was not a fan of the fit or fabric. I know some folks are really into the Nulu fabric but for me, I didn't care for it. I also felt they ran pretty big. I typically wear a size 6 and if I had liked the fabric, I would have sized down to a 4 so keep that in mind. They also provide a nice high waist but due to my preference of fabric and size, I will be returning these. 
Unfortunately not worth the money. Let me preface this with the fact that I love lulu leggings! The fit is always spot-on, and the hug my body like a second skin. BUT - I have been so disappointed with these. I wear them to school and to yoga (nothing crazy), hand wash, and never dry them. Received these as a gift in December, and the piling is insane. It covers the thigh area, upper legs, and lower behind area terribly. Not worth the money for them to look terrible after such careful care and only 5 months of use. Not A Fan. After 2 sessions of yoga, this fabric started balling up and I hadn't even washed them yet! I took them into the store to get a new pair and told me "this fabric wasn't under the fabric return list". So now I am stuck with a pair of leggings that feel like there is constant lint on them and worth about $10. 
Would not recommend. Super comfortable, but gets loose and wears out. I bought these pants a year ago to wear as an everyday type of legging. They are extremely comfy and I loved the way they fit. After wearing them for a few months and despite properly taking care of them, they started to pill and stretch out. I constantly have to pull them up, which is very annoying. They are now sitting in my closet as I'd prefer to wear jeans, and I am not a jean person. . . 
Disappointed - BEWARE OF PILLING. This was my first ever pair of Lulu Lemon leggings, and at first I LOVED them. The material is SO soft and the cut is super flattering. I'm not blessed in the trunk, but these leggings give your butt a really nice lift and shape. So I was really disappointed to find out that my $100 leggings are pilling. I've washed it ONCE and by hand. They're already pilling in the inner lining area. If you don't mind pilling, go for it! But I personally am disappointed in the quality. 
Very very disappointed. I live in Montana where there's no lululemon in sight. So when I visited Denver, I was more than excited to go to an actual lululemon store and buy my first pair of leggings from lululemon! I tried on the align leggings and they were so comfortable I had to get them. When I came back to MT I wore them pretty frequently for two weeks, but after two weeks of wearing them they starting pilling so much, there's even threads that are pulling all over from the pants. I only wore them to school and was very careful with washing them too. I'm really upset I spent $100 on these. . . they don't really feel comfortable to wear anymore either. 
Amazing fit Awful Quality. I want to love these so bad it kills me. The fit is incredible and material feels like butter and looks so smooth. . . I wore these for a week and they already have a hole on the thigh!? If you decide to get these it's also really important to wash them correctly because of the fragile material. . 
Poor quality/Not worth it. I bought these leggings for my girlfriend after we visited a Lululemon store to try them on, the sizing was great and the feeling of the fabric was very soft. However, the quality is very poor. Immediately after opening the package a few strings were pulling from the seems. More began to appear after only 2/3 wears, along with a lot of pilling on the bottom of the thigh and calf area. The pilling doesn't affect the feel yet, but they have been cared for immensely and every guideline has been followed yet they still show a lot of wear from just a few times actually using them. 
Very disappointing regarding the price for them and how great Lululemon leggings are regarded. She said they were extremely comfortable, the most comfortable she had ever worn, but the quality is simply terrible and not worth the money. 
So amazing at first and then NOT. I loved these so much when I first bought them that I immediately purchased a second pair. They were so soft and fit like a glove. I actually wore them as lounge leggings rather than workout ones. Unfortunately, after one year, they are pilling like crazy and look so cheap. Additionally, that soft, smooth feel has become rough. I'm so bummed because I spent $200 on these two pairs and they haven't held up at all. Doesn't last. Pants were great at first, but wore out super quickly. 
Pilling, seams coming apart (no dryer or excessive wear). Really disappointed with the quality overall. Terrible quality. Loved these at first but wore them ONCE and the seams are coming apart and starting to pill at the butt. All my other lulus have held up better than this. Not recommended. So soft and comfy but bad pilling. I've also washed all 4 pairs (3 full length and one mid length, all black) on gentle and hung dry in an attempt to keep them from pilling but unfortunately they all pill between the legs and also above the knee which is odd. I just kept ordering more but it's gotten to be too expensive to just order new pants once they start to pill (after maybe 3-4 washes). 
So sad about these! I've heard so much about the align leggings, and I tried them on in-store and LOVED the feel. They are extremely soft and super comfortable, and unlike a lot of leggings I've owned, I don't have to keep adjusting these throughout the day. I read the reviews, and still decided to purchase, but I was super careful with them and did everything I could to keep them from pilling. I didn't wear them many times between washes, and I followed all the care instructions, but they're still pilling and gathering a lot of lint every time I wear them, after only a month. I love the colors these come in, and honestly, I love everything else about them; it's a shame the quality is so poor. I love Lulu and I have for years; I love their approach and I usually love the quality. I want to love these leggings, but unfortunately, from my experience, I'd say they're only worth it if you have hundreds of dollars to spare so you can replace them every couple of months :(
Comfy, Poor Quality. I immediately loved these as soon as I got them - super comfy and awesome to wear! However, beware - the seams come apart as if they weren't even sewn on after just 1 wash. I wash these with the exact directions I was given and this still happened. . . I took them back and they offered to repair the seams, yet once i got them back the exact same thing happened and i legitimately have holes at the seams. . such a waste of money. I own quite a lot of lulu and LOVE everything else I own. This is the first time this has ever happened :( such a shame
Ridiculous. I would absolutely love these pants if they didn't pull and pill so much! I have had them for only about 2 months and they already feel like they are going to rip because they are pulling at the seams so much! Also, in between the thighs are getting ridiculously pilled and it just looks so bad!
Disappointing. This is my first pair of align leggings and after one wash they began to pill in multiple different spots! I am very disappointed because I love how they look and feel very comfortable in them. I have followed all of the directions when washing and have only worn them for leisure activity. Very disappointing for the amount of money I paid for them!!
Awful. I love the feel of these leggings. I loved them so much that my first pair starting pilling and loosening at the seams after one month, yet I still bought another pair hoping my first was just a fluke. Unfortunately, the second pair also fell apart after a month. As a graduate student (or anyone), it's very disappointing to spend almost $200 and end up with no leggings!
Pills Terribly!. I loved these leggings when I first wore them, they fit my body perfectly, looked smooth on my legs, and felt amazing!! Then after about 3-4 washes they began to pill EVERYWHERE even places that don't rub up against each other. I followed the washing instructions PERFECTLY and even washed them completely separately with only other Lululemon articles. I only wore them around then house and while doing yoga so it had nothing to do with the activities I was doing. Please save your money and consider another legging from Lululemon. It's seriously not worth it!
My favourite. . until I ordered the black. I LOVED these tights. . until I got the black. I have them in two different colours, the light grey and the pink. I love them so much I decided to order them again in the black. I have followed all of the directions on the tag for washing, as I was aware of the issues that can come with them if they aren't washed properly. I wash them the exact same as the other two colours and they are still in mint condition. For some reason the black is not the same! I have pilling all over my legs which I am not happy about!
It's a Love/Hate Relationship. I love these pants, but I hate them at the same time. I have been a loyal Lululemon buyers for the better part of 8 years. As a pilates instructor and avid exerciser, lulu was my jam. The original Wunder Unders are literally the best pants in the world (more on that another time, I won't touch the current wunder unders). Overall, I have to say that though back in the day, lulu was consistently high quality, things are very hit or miss these days. 
The Align pants are hit and miss all in one. The fit is great, the feel is fabulous, and the lengths are perfection. That said, the pants pill like no other, and they hold onto smell as well. I have just come to expect that my aligns will pill between the legs even after 1 or 2 wears. I wish Lulu would fix this, I really do, but then I really do wonder how much can be done. Truth be told, activewear is hard to construct and pilling is almost inevitable, especially crotch pilling which is where my aligns pill. 
I have to say that the aligns do pill wayyyy too fast, and I likely won't buy any more as a result, but. . . we had a good run. Too loose after use. I got these leggings as a Christmas gift and every time I wear them, they just get looser and looser throughout my workout where I have to pull them up after every set! I also have the pilling on them wearing off as well!
Pilling - Had to Return Multiple Times. These pants felt like butter when I originally put them on, which is why I was distraught when they started pilling. I was told by CS that it must have been a bad batch or that I was washing them incorrectly. I was provided another pair and the pilling occurred again. I must have been through at least 3 pairs. Each pair has started pilling within a week and I don't use them for any strenuous activities. Very disappointed given their cost, they are definitely not worth the investment. 
LOVE THESE but a waste of money for how fast they start to lose their quality. Now I love Lululemon. My first time in the store I spent about $700 and bought not one but THREE pairs of the Align Pant as they were the best thing I had ever put on my body. After just ONE MONTH, I noticed the first pair starting to pill and then became even more careful in my handwashing process. I have always hand washed my lulu pants and laid flat to dry as instructed, but low and behold, every pair of these heavenly leggings began to pill and look cheap. For $98 this is shameful. Lulu has definitely let go of their high standards in the past couple of years. What a shame that their newfound popularity has inspired them to cut corners. I have $30 pairs of leggings that have lasted me much better. That being said I have also purchased $100 leggings from real yoga companies that have been worth the money and kept the same high quality for over a year. I'm aware that Lulu often claims people do not care for their products correctly and that is the cause of the poor quality, but I have spent many hours hand washing my pants to prevent this and am very disappointed. What's the point of buying a $100 pair of yoga pants? I've had them for like a month and they are already pilling. Lulu used to be my go to brand but the quality has seriously declined. My suggestion is buy a dirt cheap pair from Aerie, they don't hold up any better. 
All good things come to an end. . . Bought these pants three months ago and they are literally the most comfortable pants I've ever owned. Love even more than Wunder unders. But after a few months of wear, they are pilling a tonne between the legs and chaffing on the back. 
Always washed as per instructions, but now only will wear them around the house. LOVE the pant, just wish they would last. Pilling is terrible!! I read the reviews online thinking that there is no way lululemon would continue to sell these pants if they kept getting terrible views. I have always wanted a pair of aligns so when the 28" came in I decided to try them. I've had them for 2 weeks and they are already started to pill after 2 washes! Other than the pilling, they are by far my favourite fit for lululemon, and for the time that I wore them they were very very comfortable!
Not great. This is my first ever pair of lululemon apparel and I'm disappointed. I watched a bunch of reviews prior to buying to make sure I got what I was looking for. My leggings are sheer if I bend over to pick something up. 
Total Disappointment. Being a long-term faithful lulu supporter, I was so excited to finally buy a pair of Align pants. However, it came as a disappointment. The material felt cheap, the fit was loose for my regular size 6, I'm constantly pulling these pants up, and it is already pilling after just one time of wear (I tried it on as soon as I got it today)I don't usually write any negative reviews, however the quality of these pants definitely needs to be shared. 
Not impressed. . . Continuously Dissapointed. Once again, against my best judgement, I decided to use a giftcard to get these pants. Within the first month of wearing to yoga and around my campus, the pants are all pilled all over the sides. I do not even know how the OUTSIDE thigh pills. 100 dollars for that? hmmmNice pants but disappointed. I love the feel and fit of these pants until I washed them a couple of times and they pilled. I made sure to wash on delicate cold water with other lululemon products and it didn't seem to make a difference. I haven't experienced this with other lululemon products in the past and bought these with the recommendation of a staff member that they would be great for being pregnant and accommodate a growing belly. I wouldn't buy these again. 
Disappointed. I was very disappointed with these pants. A few weeks after I bought them they already started to pill and they stretched out alot. I would have appreciated knowing this before I bought them. I washed them as directed and they still got pilled and stretched. I would not but these leggings again and would have a hard time buying another pair from this company. For the price I expected better quality. The only good part is that they are soft. 
Pilling After 3 Wears and 1 Wash. I really wanted to love these, and the first day they arrived, I did. They're very soft and incredibly comfortable. I gave these pants the benefit of the doubt, rationalizing that reviews are negatively skewed, and that many people still purchase these so they can't be that bad. . . Well, after three wears and one wash with similar fabrics, according to wash instructions (and laid flat to dry, not even put in a dryer!), these pants are pilling between the thighs! And the seams are unraveling! I have only worn them around the house, grocery shopping, and picking up the mail. I appreciate that it is a delicate fabric that should not be used for strenuous activities, but come on! Sitting on my sofa is not strenuous. For reference, I am 5'3 and 115lbs, and usually don't have serious issues with thigh chafing, so I don't understand why these pants are falling apart. This is absolute terrible quality that I was not expecting given the price tag. I am going to have to look elsewhere for a different brand of leggings in the future. 
Very disappointed. Great material but not long lasting. I received these pants as a gift two weeks ago and I absolutely loved the feeling. I only have ever owned the studio pants and speed up tight which are completely different from the align 2. However they are not long lasting at all. I have only worn them twice since receiving them, and they have already started piling on the front quads. I am extremely disappointed, considering that I received them as a gift and they are not cheap pants!
Loved the leggings at first but. . . I should've read the reviews before purchasing these leggings. They were absolutely perfect at first-- the fabric is soft and buttery and stretchy and super comfortable; my butt looks amazing in them and they stay in place no matter what kind of workout I do. HOWEVER, like all the other reviews have mentioned, these pants started pilling at random areas after like four washes even though I carefully followed the care instructions :/ 
pretty disappointed as I spent a hundred dollars on these pants and they only stayed awesome for less than a month. align pant. I usually love the align pants, but I have two pairs that I have had less than six months, and they are coming apart at the seams and pilling on the front quads. Would like to see some better quality in these. 
Loved it but disappointed. At first I loved these leggings. I wore them all the time because they're so easy to just throw on and leave the house. They were also super soft and comfortable. However, after a few wears they started to pill a lot to the point it looked really messy and dirty even when I washed them. The seams also started to get loose and ended up ripping and forming a hole where the inner thigh is and I've only had these for a few months. I love them but I am extremely disappointed that I can't wear them anymore after only 3 months considering that I spent $100 and invested in these leggings. 
Not worth the money. Bought these since I've had great luck with lulu leggings in the past, however, these are so cheaply made for the high price. After only a month of owning them they started to pill like crazy and they've become unwearable since they look so bad. This shouldn't of happened since I followed the washing instructions that were on the label. Will not be purchasing lululemon pants again. 
Disappointed. . . . I have always been impressed with the Align pants, I have a couple of pairs of the 25" aligns and have not had any issues. However, these full length Align pants are horrible, I bought the navy color when they were still in stock and the material is not the same. They feel cottony and cheap and have been pilling so bad!! Was really excited about this full length version but they just do not feel like the iconic lululemon align pants. The quality is not where you'd imagine for the price point. The fit and feel of these pants are amazing BUT the quality is low. Despite reading all of the other reviews, I decided to take a chance and try them BUT I've only worn them twice and washed once. . following the care directions to a tee and just realized the stitching is coming out on the seam mid-calf. Again, these pants fit amazing, and the material is to die for, the quality is not where you would imagine for the price point. 
Loved them at first. . . . . . I absolutely loved these tights to start out, they were super soft and fit great (although you will need to size down). I read the reviews about the quality of the tight after I bought them and was surprised as mine were holding up well. After the second wash (cold water/washed alone/no dryer) I noticed the pilling and was very let down. They also collect every bit of lint in the room for some reason? I would 100% recommend them if they could retain the same quality as the first couple of wears, and before washing them. They kind of bug me to wear now because of all the pilling :(
Loved initially, but didn't last. I was obsessed with these pants the minute I tried them on in the store. They are the softest and most comfortable pair of Lulu leggings I own. Unfortunately, after only a month, the pilling on the back of the legs got so bad that I didn't want to wear them out of the house. I only washed them a couple of times and always hand-washed gentle, but the fabric is so soft and delicate that the pilling is inevitable. I am tempted to buy another pair because I love them so much, but worry about having the same issue again. 
Soft and Comfortable but didn't last :( Like other reviewers said, these pants were soo nice when i first got them but are pilling and mine even have fraying threads coming out of the fabric and sides after a little over a month of wear. I would no longer wear these pants out anywhere. I bought these in store, so did not see any reviews before purchase. I also didn't see any label like the one online saying that they need to be handled extra gently (though i wash all my clothes with cold water and tumble/air dry anyway). I'm disappointed both that $100 pants only lasted a month, as well that if the pants required special care, i was not made aware of it for an in store purchase. Additionally, these leggings are very warm. I wore them to one spin class and felt that they were too warm and bulky so just wore them casually. I suppose it says that they're designed for yoga, but I would probably not recommend for a bikram or other more intense class. 
Cute, but not the best quality. These leggings are super cute and very comfortable, but unfortunately after not too long they started pilling and looked terrible! I can only wear them at home now because they look so raggedy. It's a bit unfortunate, I've always bought my leggings from Lululemon and their clothes are usually pretty good quality, but these leggings were disappointing considering the price :(
Amazing feel but the pilling is so disappointing. I love this pant for how amazing it feels but this is my second pair and the pilling is just unbearable. I have washed them so gently and looked after them so well, but the pilling seems most evident on the bum which is unavoidable unless you never sit down or move :(. 
A perfect legging for standing still in but extremely disappointed on this quality from lulu. life changing leggings but they ruin so easily. So these are my favourite leggings from lulu so far, but they only lasted one month. Now they are all pilled and I don't wear them at all anymore. Its so unfortunate because they are such a great fit and so comfy. 
Disappointed lulu. The first day was great! I went to the store only planning on trying on for size, but when I put these on I fell in love in the fitting room. They are a looser fit, so I was actually a size lower than I thought I would've been. I couldn't leave the store without them, but when they started pilling the first day I wore them I was pretty disappointed. Considering how much I spent on these leggings, I was upset that they were both pilling and had already gotten a small snag on my thigh. Also, I only wear high-rise bottoms, which I loved about these leggings, but I have found that they tend to roll down whenever I sit which is frustrating. Overall, the leggings are very comfortable for every day use, but I can already tell they aren't going to last long. Terrible quality, unacceptable pilling. One star for the fact that they are true to size, and very comfortable. BUT. . . After only a few wears they started pilling so bad - all over. Before I even washed them they looked old. I basically can just wear them at home doing chores, that's how ragged they look. It's unacceptable that pants that costa 98 only look decent for a few hours!
not my favorite. I have the 7/8 align and I love therm. I got the night view as a gift and I really wanted to love them but they are very thin and see thru. Wondering if this is just an issue with the night view pattern or if it is the full length pant. All my other 7/8 aligns I love. I can't wear these to any classes. I would like to return. Very Poor Quality. I was so excited when I got these pants and shortly after they started piling. They not only are piling between the legs but on the front of the thigh and legs. They also have spots where the fabric has pulled and string is hanging out. The softness of these pants and length are incredible but the fabric just doesn't hold up at all. I have washed them on delicate separately and they still are ruined. I would not recommend these. 
Would be amazing if they didn't pill. I read the reviews before I bought these pants, so I knew they might not hold up as well as my usual lulus and took extra special care of them. I bought one pair and loved them so much that I ordered another pair. I've hand washed and hung to dry only and somehow both pairs started pilling within 1 month, and oddly in spots I'm used to (like front of thighs?). I thought they'd hold up longer if I gave them some extra TLC but it's so weird they're pilling how they are. So unfortunate, because these are the BEST feeling pants. Usually Love Align. I own the Align pant in almost every color. I was so excited to see they became available in full length, however, the full length pair I own has piled worse and faster than any other pants that I own from the Align family. Love them and the fit, too bad the quality doesn't seem to be there. This pair also seemed see through in some places which is unlike the rest of my lululemon pants. I know how to wash, dry, and care for the material so I am unsure why the inconsistency. 
My Least Favorite Pair. I got the leggings about 2 months ago. I never dry them and wash them with similar things yet they have lots of piling. I loved how soft they were at first but now I rarely where them because they don't look very good. I also had to get a size smaller to make up for how loose they are. Please be prepared for the lifetime of the leggings to be short. These are the worst pair I have. 
Very Upset. I have multiple pairs of leggings from lululemon which I have always loved & when I tried these on in the store I was hooked. But after just a short time they started pilling and I left it alone but since then it has gotten much worse where I don't even wear them anymore which is extremely unfortunate considering I spent $100 on these. Overall very upset with these. 
Love but Sad Durability. These are the MOST comfortable yoga leggings I own. Love the high waist, love the way I can practice and have absolutely zero distraction from these leggings. I buy Lulu because every product I own feels great and lasts seemingly forever, but these pants are a huge exception. Piling on inner thighs, some unraveling stitching on seams is so sad because I've only had these 2-3 months. Would have bought enough of these to wear daily, but not at all a good investment if they're only going to last a couple months before seeming to break down :(
Short-Lived. I grew to really like the original Align pant so I ordered a second one, full length in all black in size 6 (my usual size). Initially, great pants. They feel super smooth and comfortable and work great for my purposes (boot camp, yoga, hot yoga). They also worked very well for me because I'm tall (5'11") with pretty long legs. I didn't wash them, but I would cold rinse them after hot yoga and let them air dry. They inevitably get wet when you do C2 at Corepower (very hot and sweaty!) Unfortunately, their condition did not last, despite me handling them pretty delicately. The threads started to split from the pants and the texture was not the same. Now they feel worn and rough to the touch, like I've had them for years. It only took a month or two before I noticed the difference, so too long to realistically return them. If they had been $20, I would say, "Ok, whatever" and donate them. But $98 pants should last and that was my intention. I essentially wore them every weekend (did yoga approximately twice per week). So, as much as I was thrilled initially, lululemon products should last and these just did not. My profile indicates I purchased them in November 2017 and it was around January that I noticed a significant difference in the quality. 
Poor Quality - Waist looses stretch after one wear. Really disappointed with these leggings, they fall down now at the waist when i put them on and i've only worn them once. Usually Lululemon makes amazing quality garments but these need to be reviewed. 
Disappointed :( I got the Align pants a couple months ago, and made sure I washed them on delicate with other workout gear with similar fabric - like recommended. However, there is now pretty bad pilling around the crotch, on the thighs, and there are even some threads coming out! I love the way they feel - they are incredibly comfortable, but I'm not sure it was worth the money, considering how fast the material seems to pill :( So sad - I wish these lasted longer!
Align Pants. I really loved these leggings and I still do, but they are pilling horribly on the waist band and butt area. I thought I was the way I was washing them, so I bought a second pair and washed them differently. However, these ones also are becoming extremely pilly. I have several other leggings from here and don't experience this with any other leggings. If it weren't for this, I would buy 5 more pairs of them seeing that they are extremely comfortable and fit great. Not impressed. Got these pants as a gift a month ago and was so excited to wear as leggings in the colder months. Seemed like it was a thicker 'Naked' pant. But now they are pilling already in the crotch and the material isn't nearly as soft as it use to be. The Naked pants hold up better. 
Not Worth The Money. I absolutely loved these pants when I first got them and was tempted to buy multiple pairs but decided to see how durable they were before I got more. Good thing, because they to pill after the 3rd wear! Considering how pricey they are, it's pretty sad that they pilled so quickly. only good for running errands. These pants are super comfy, but they are not durable at all. I wore them once for a spin class and the seems are already pilling. They are super comfy but i just wish they were made better. I feel like they are only meant to be worn for running errands, which is very disappointing. 
Pilling is horrible. I have loved every single pair of Lulu pants that I own. The material on these is so soft I instantly fell in love, but the pilling is horrible. After 2 months I can no longer wear them in public. I've never had an issue with other styles. Not satisfied with the pants. I have never been disappointed with lululemons prodcuts prior to purchasing these leggings. I have to order them online as I do not live in an area that has a lululemon store in our mall. I have never had any problems with sizing or how they fit. When I first recieved these leggings I was in love with them, loved the fabric and loved how they fit. I always take really good care of ALL my clothings, escpially my lululemon attire. After a very short peiod of time of having them, the leggings started to fray and they were pilling terribly. I loved the way they fit and the material, but consdering how fast they pilled, I would consider it a waste of money. I would not recommend them to anyone, I am very disappointed as they are expensive for a reason, and I feel like I wasted my money on these tights. 
Faded Black. I have been wearing align leggings or a long time, the last pair I purchased did not impress me with the quality. I purchased black and I have found they have faded and are pilling on the inside thighs. I take extra care when washing but feel the quality has gone down hill. 
Not Impressed. I was excited to get these pants after seeing the reviews of the "naked feel" but I am not impressed at all. I've had them for 2 months and they are already pilling. . . everywhere! I definitely am a fan of the Wunder pants compared to these. Do not waste your money on these you will end up throwing them out in a couple months. 
Disappointed Changes. My first pair of lulu tights were the Align tights. I instantly fell in love, the tight hugged in all the right places, had great fabric that made you feel secure. This tight rarely pilled and made your legs look great. Until. . . . somehow someway this tight changed for the worse. The fabric feels similar to a pair of tights I purchased from express. . as you know the quality should not be stated in the same respects. They pill horribly, all over. in-between the thighs, on the seems. Im just very disappointed with these tights. 
Love the Leggings but pilling. I love these leggings there so comfy and I could wear them everyday to work!! The only bad thing about the leggings is the pilling that happens in between things and on the side of your thighs. I just bought my leggings before Christmas and mine are already getting wrecked with the pilling. 
Dissapointed. Bought these leggings three months ago and I'm very disappointed with them. They began pilling right when I bought them, then I got a hole in the crotch, now there are two holes. They also attract everything, no matter how many times I use a lint roller as soon as I make it to my destination they're full of hair again. Very disappointed. I bought this leeging because I heard a lot of people telling me it is the best brand for legging. I wear it few times and the quality is not here. The tag on the legging fell, after not even a month there is a lot of piling on the leeging (between the thigh). I am very disappointed, because I paid a lot for this legging and the quality is not here. Even the seams are not good. The only positive thing is that the legging is very confortable!
Piling. . . I got my align pants a few months ago and the piling is so bad I can't wear them anymore. . . It is so disappointing since these leggings are so expensive!! Waste of money :(First pair of lulus, washed once, already piling and unraveling. After walking into Lululemon and trying on clothes for months, I finally took the plunge to invest in my first pair of Lulu leggings - align 7/8 pants that I bought in store. I know others have complained about piling, so I've only washed my pants once in the few months I've had them to try to prevent this (which I realize is pretty gross, considering I wear them a few times a week), but after the first wash the stitching near the ankles began unraveling and the material started piling in the crotch. I'm kind of disappointed because these pants are SO comfortable for leisure wear or working out, but at the price point I expected them to hold up for longer than one wash. I'm unsure if I'll purchase again in the future. I guess I'll see how they hold up after wash #2 and will report back. 
Love these but not good quality. These pants are amazing in fit and feel but will wear out after a few months. all of mine get worn looking and start to pill. But LOVE how they fit and feel on while working out
Amazing feel, not built to last. I fell in love with these pants when I first tried them on. My first pair was really nice but pilled within a week. I was extremely disappointed because they don't make the pattern I bought any more. I washed them in cold water and never dried them. I came back a month or so later and bought a second pair, hoping they wouldn't have the same results, but within two weeks they had pilling on the front of the quads and in between the thighs. I would recommend for someone only wearing them 2x a week doing yoga. 
Very comfortable but material doesn't last. They look and feel great until the material wears out. I bought 3 pairs since I love how they feel but unfortunately they became pilly and wore out within a week. The employees mentioned the proper care/wash techniques and I followed them religiously, but they didn't last. 
Comfortable but Low Quality. I really want to like these pants but it is hard to because the quality does not live up to how much I paid for them. I don't workout in them, I wash them correctly, air dry them, and they still starting pilling after two or three times wearing them. Now they are horribly pilling in the crotch and slightly pilling on my quads. It is also hard to wash them, because even using the smallest amount of detergent (and no fabric softener) leaves residue in the fabric, and then I have to rinse them again once or twice - which also makes the pilling worse - to get all of the residue out. There is also a small hole on the seam, and they are becoming see through. I have only had them for two months. 
Pilling. So disappointing! I loved the feeling of these pants, - and wanted to love them! - but the pilling is so disappointing on such a pricey product. Would love to return these, quite honestly. There are other Lulu products that I would rather spend my money on!
Pilling. Although I like these pants, it is unfortunate that my two pairs have started pilling. I hoped these pants would last me some time as they are quite expensive, and was told when buying them that the fabric would deteriorate. Not the best quality. I have the align pants in the 7/8 version and thought I would get a pair of the full length pants. The seams are already coming apart after 3 wears and 1 wash, and for some reason they have not been keeping there shape and are becoming extremely loose. I recommend the 7/8 pants, but not these!
Comfortable, but fabric wears very easily. These pants are very comfortable and hold you in nicely but the quality of the material is not good at all. The pants pill very easily even when you follow all the washing instructions and don't put them in the dryer. The seams come loose after a few wears and I took them back to lululemon and they sent them off to the seamstress and a week later the seams were loose again. Love the fit and how comfortable they feel but the material is not what I payed for. Dont know if I would buy another pair or recommend to a friend. 
Good Feel, Bad Quality. I am a Lululemon enthusiast I love most if not all of the products I have bought, except for this one. First time trying them on they felt great really light and comfortable, but just after my second or third time wearing them they were already piling. To spend almost $100 for a product to not withstand a couple times wear is overall disappointing. 
Super comfortable but. . . I absolutely loved my align leggings when I first got them; they felt like a second skin. I took great care of them when washing them and when I had them on. Unfortunately, after only a few months, the material on the inner thighs and on my legs began to become pilled and rough. I loved them at first but for the price I just hoped the material would've held up a little better. I love them, but. . . . These pants fit perfectly, but I've only had them for a few months they are starting to fray at the seems, and strangely only on one leg? The fraying started on the thigh and is traveling down to the ankles. I wash them delicately and I only wear them for gym workouts, so I'm disappointed they are already coming apart. I really wanted to love these pants. I really wanted to love these pants, but after wearing 2 times and washing once, the waistband has stretched out and piling has started on the backside of the pants. 
I LOVE the material and the way that it feels against my skin, but these pants don't seem to last very long. I even sized down from my usual size and the waistband was baggy after the first wear. Disappointing. I have been a fan of the align crop pants for a long time now, they don't pill and the material is great. Purchased the full length for the winter and I'm extremely DISAPPOINTED. They have pilled after 3 weeks of wearing them, they are splitting at seams and I've only washed them once, and worn them 9 times. Lululemon quality is not here for these pants, you are much better purchasing the 7/8 length that do not have this problem. 
Love these pants! but they don't last long. . . When I first bought these pants, I was so in love with them!!! They are so light, buttery soft, breathable, and high waisted; everything I wanted in pants. After awhile, the piling started and they no longer had that buttery soft feeling anymore. For the price I paid for the pants, I would expect them to last much longer. I was very disappointed with the quality of these pants. 
So Close to perfect but material does not last. The minute I tried these pants on, I was obsessed. They are SO comfortable and can be worn as workout leggings or casual leggings. I finally saved up to buy them and only 3 weeks (and 4 washes) later, the inside seam of the leggings is gathering pills and does not feel as soft. I even turn them inside out to wash and bought special detergent. I expect this eventually but it happened way too quickly, especially for the price :( I hope Lulu is able to fix the fabric of these because if it weren't for the pilling issue, they would be the perfect leggings. 
Pants pilled immediately. When I tried these leggings on I fell in love. I love the way these pants feel, probably the most comfortable pair of pants I have ever owed. . . but after wearing them maybe four times they started pilling. I just wish these pants would hold up like wunder under leggings or any of the other pants. I would buy many more colors in this style if they didn't pill so quickly. Its a shame they are such poor quality. 
Disappointing leggings. I LOVED these leggings at first. It felt like you weren't even wearing pants! Unfortunately, over time, they haven't worn the way I would expect a pair of Lululemon leggings to wear. I have two pairs of these leggings and both have pilling. I'm so disappointed in this product. Disappointed long time Lulu fan. I loved these tights. I told all my friends about them and I even went out and got another pair. I read the negative reviews but thought that if I just washed them correctly and made sure to always hand dry then I wouldn't have a problem. I was wrong. My oldest pair of lulus is 6 years old, yet both pairs of these particular tights look much older than my oldest pair. Not only are they pilling EVERYWHERE ( not just by the crotch) but the seam near my crotch has ripped. I swore by these tights but now I find myself only wearing these tights if I have no other options. These tights are in worse condition than the discount tights of a generic brand I bought for like $20. 
Fabric Splitting. I love these pants, they are so soft and buttery BUT 2 out of the 3 pairs I have purchased from Lululemon have come with fabric splitting/thinning already on the legs. I didn't notice on the 2nd pair I bought until I already removed the tags, but the 3rd pair luckily I noticed before I did so I could return them. Its super bizarre since I've never had this problem with lulu leggings before, but its a bummer because I love these leggings and want to buy more colors but I'm extremely hesitant because of the lack of quality control shown in my previous 2 purchases. Horrible pilling after only two weeks of wear. 
So disappointed I recently purchased three pairs after my friends raving about them. After two-three weeks of wear my grey and black pair are pilling extremely bad. It looks horrible and theres no way I can get rid of it. I am so mad that I spent so much money on clothing that won't last even three weeks long? It's unbelievable to me. 
Pilling!! These pants were actually my first pair of Lulu pants EVER. I feel and look INCREDIBLE in these. I actually wear an 8 in jeans but a 6 in these were a perfect fit. But the pilling between my legs is a huge disappointment. Not sure if I will buy any more pants from Lulu until this is sorted out!
Pilling. I have always loved Lululemon clothing, and find myself wearing their products to workout in on the daily. Recently, a friend recommended these leggings to me and got me to try hers on. Immediately I fell in love and bought myself a pair. Unfortunately, after wearing them just a few times, I've noticed them pilling on the hip. I have followed the washing instructions clearly. I love these leggings for they are very comfortable but unfortunately were not up to the Lululemon standard I was used to. 
Loved Until Started Pilling. I love these leggings they are so comfortable and soft, but I have had them for 3 months and already terrible pilling, even when washing alone and inside out. I have other Lululemon pants and this has never happened before. I am usually loyal to Lululemon gear and this has really disappointed me. Pilling. These are super comfortable. Unfortunately, there is alot of pilling everywhere. . . . 
very disappointed. Too expensive for this to happpen,Absolutely love but hate. These are the best looking best fitting most comfortable leggings I have ever owned! Except for this awful pilling in the thigh area. I have only had these for 2 weeks and I'm scared to wear them because it's going to rip through. I've had other lululemon products I've worn for years and never had this problem. Hopefully they can fix this.
Pilling. My boyfriend got me these for christmas and they instantly became my absolute favorite pants. However, they started pilling not even 2 months in to owning them despite me washing them inside out, by themselves, and in cold water. Obviously I wouldn't dream of drying them. I'm really disappointed because I am faithful to lulu gear and usually their stuff stands the test of time. But these pilled and I'm very very sad. 
Disappointing pants. I'm really disappointed because I was super excited when I bought these pants because they fit so nicely and are super comfy but they started pilling on the upper leg after wearing them only 3 times. Super soft BUT. . . they pill. I bought these lululemon leggings and was super excited because I love their products. When they came they were buttery soft just like the description said and I was extremely satisfied. BUT after only wearing them about 3 times they began to pill! I was very upset about this because I expected better quality with the price I paid. 
Pilled Badly. I love the fit and feel of these leggings, I purchased two pairs and within 3-6 months they started to pill very badly, I have never encountered this problem with any of my luon leggings so I am very disappointed. They have now been relegated to pj's, very expensive pj's!!!
Poor Quality. I was so excited to get these pants as they feel amazing and are SO comfortable and fit great! Unfortunately after a short time the inner thigh area becomes rough and pills. I brought them in to my local Lululemon and they said it's most likely from too much walking, although I do not wear them to run or walk in, just yoga & weight classes. Their description indicates they are for Yoga and "to and from", but they can't withstand the to and from. They eventually ripped and I now have a hole in the crotch area. 
Very disappointed. Hopefully Lululemon can design another " naked" feel with better quality material. soft as a baby bird, but just as fragile! These fit like a dream and I found them to be TTS, but the fabric is definitely thinner than my black 7/8 aligns. They didn't appear to be sheer. I'm fully aware of the fragility of the nulu fabric (and the inevitable pilling) and I planned on being extra careful with these, but they're way too thin for me to be comfortable with and I'll be returning them. Also, the fabric has some weird lines indented on it in certain areas. 
SO comfy. . . PILLING. I am so sad because I love these leggings. I bought them 3 months ago and already pilling. I have many pairs of tights and pilling happens but not this quickly
Love everything but the quality. If you're looking for a pant that will last a few weeks then these pants are for you! They fit and feel amazing doing Yoga, Running, Kick boxing, spin or just running to the store! As most of the other reviews state the quality isn't there within a few weeks I saw a lot of pilling. I love these pants so much that my boyfriend got me new pairs for Christmas hoping maybe they had improved the pilling issue. Unfortunately they seem to fit slightly smaller and the pilling is not better. 
Amazing feel but horrible quality. LOVE these pants because they feel like I am naked, but Pilling and snagging is terrible! They do not hold up and they lack the quality I am used to when I purchase Lululemon. I recommend these pants for about a month, and then they are done for. 
Great but Poor Quality. I was SO excited to get my first pair of Lulu's. After recieving them in the mail I loved the fit and comfort they offered me. After two days of wear, the inside seam on the right leg is ALREADY unraveling. I expected so much more out of the product for this price point and am very disappointed with their current condition after two uses. Money poorly spent. 
Comfy. . . but TOO MUCH pilling!!!! I really wanted the align pant because of how comfortable they felt while trying them on. They are also really flattering to wear. Although I read so many reviews warning about the pilling I thought that the pair I would buy would be different. . . somehow. I follow lululemon's care guide on how to wash their pants but just after a few times of wearing them they have pilled! It's almost to the point where I can't wear these pants anymore because of how much they pilled. I've had other lululemon pants that have held true for years so I am highly disappointed that this pair has pilled and ruined so quickly only after a few wears. I'm not sure if it's just the align pant? I am worried about spending another $100 on a pair of their pants that will pill. 
Amazing, but short term. These are as advertised amazingly comfortable and great fit. The challenge is that they pill terribly and within a couple of weeks - even when washing as advised with only like items, they are basically junk. I expect more for this price. 
Great BUT. I am SO conflicted about these pants. They are the most comfortable leggings I have ever owned, but both pairs I own are completely unacceptable to wear in public due to the excessive pilling (even after handwashing and air-drying the second pair because the first I washed in a machine and figured that this caused the pilling). I love them so much that I'll probably buy a third of the same pair and wear those until they pill too much to stand. 
Strangely Wide at ankles. I love the align pants. They feel like butter and are so comfortable. I have one pair of crops that I purchased in January and love them. I ordered a second pair in full length, only to discover they are oddly wide at the ankles. I am 5'1", 125 lbs with normal body type. I do not have small or thin ankles. No other brand I have ever owned fit me in this manner. I realize that as short as I am the length seems excessive, but I like to wear them down over my heels during barre. These are so wide in the ankles it appears I am wearing straight leg pants, not leggings. They do not fit as pictured on the model. For the price, I expected better fit. 
Poor Quality. I was really excited about these pants and loved them at first! They fit really well and felt great. But after a couple weeks the quality really started to diminish. There is tons of pilling and really wearing out. Would not purchase again. 
Disappointed. Really wanted to love the aligns as they are perfect for everyday wear, lounging etc. Worn only a couple of times and are completely bally and have lost original shape. Disappointed with the quality of lululemon recently. Won't be buying again. 
Disappointed. I am terribly disappointed. These began pilling and I brought them into the store. The worker at the store used a "pilling" machine that did absolutely nothing. I am disappointed because I believed there was a lifetime guarantee and I have always shopped at Lululemon for years. 
LOVE EVERYTHING but the quality. A friend convinced me to buy these leggings despite the reviews. I purchased a black pair and instantly fell in love. They are so light weight that it feels almost like wearing nothing and they fit perfectly!! However, I noticed that some of the seams are starting to fray after only 2 wears :( Disappointed that the other reviews are right about the quality. 
Dissapointed. Hi there! My friend recommended these to me & I purchased them as a first ever purchase from lululemon. I fell absolutely in love as they fit nice and snug in the right places! But now after wearing them for a while they feel loose and are pilling really badly. I always washed them the correct way. Not sure if this happens with all of them or not. Definitely a favourite but sad this has happened to them :(
SO bummed :( This is my second pair of Aligns and I am super bummed I have spent now $200 on these leggings. My first pair pilled after a few months of wear and wash. I was disappointed, but overlooked the pilling because these pants fit SO amazing. They really are a second skin and I wish I could wear them everyday. I wear a lot of Lululemon and am rarely unsatisfied with their clothing, so I wanted to give these pants a second try. Despite my best judgments I bought a second pair. I bought them in a beautiful navy color and they literally STARTED PILLING BEFORE I TOOK THEM OFF. I wore them for the first time for about 6 hours and they were pilling before I took them off. Ridiculous! 
Do better, LuluLove/hate these pants. I FINALLY worked myself up to buying these pants. $100 for one pair of pants was not something I would normally buy, but all my friends loved them and kept telling me I HAD to get a pair so I finally caved in. I loved these when I first got them and almost bought a second pair right away. I followed the wash instructions and only washed them on gentle cycle by themselves and let them air dry overnight, but the pilling is still really bad. It happened after the first couple weeks and is progressively getting worse. Still love the feel of these pants and how comfortable they are, but very disappointed in it considering I spent $100 on them I would not expect this to be an issue. 
Dissapointed. I was very excited to receive a pair of aligns as a gift. They are extremely comfortable leggings, and I do love them. However, I have had these leggings for a little less than a year and they have pilled so much. I follow all the washing instructions, I air dry them, etc and they have pilled in places that do not even rub or touch. For how expensive I know these are I do wish they were better quality. Not durable. 
Loved these pants however they are not worth the money. After only a few washes the pants are pilling and show significant wear. While the fabric is extremely comfortable the material simply doesn't hold up which is a big issue for workout clothing especially at this price. Sad because I have other Lululemon products that have been great. 
Comfy leggings, sadly disappointed. I bought these leggings about a month and a half ago and absolutely love how comfortable they are, however they have started to pill in random spots that don't even rub together? I have followed all of the washing procedures with them as well so the pilling is very unfortunate. Overall the leggings look good and feel great but are very expensive if they are going to pill a month and a half after buying them. The quality is disappointing. 
The most comfortable, but poorly made. I was really excited about these leggings. They were super comfortable but then after only three wears they started to fall apart. The stitches are coming undone, and the pants are already starting to pill. 
VERY disappointing, considering the price tag that comes with it. comfy, yet terrible quality. bought these pants a little over a month ago, tried them on in the store so they were the right size. however, even after i have barely worn them, they are pilling everywhere and the stitching has come loose. the pants are very comfortable at first, but as they tear, they no longer are. annoyed because i thought by now Lulu would have better quality. dont recommend unless you plan to wear them maybe once a month. 
Very good for a short period of time. I absolutely love these leggings, however, after having them for a short period of time they have started to pill in the inner thigh area and attract fuzz very easily that is very hard to remove. Alright at first. I really liked these leggings when I first bought them. Unfortunately the waistband stretched out a lot and they barely fit. The inner thighs pilled very easily and the material is becoming very thin and worn down on the ankles. I wouldn't recommend these if you're looking for something durable. great style, disappointing material. 
I love the way these leggings fit! The seams in the back are super flattering and the material is lightweight which allows the leggings to stay put when you're working out. My only problem with these leggings is the really poor quality of the material, although it allows for the light weight feel, my leggings are completely pilled after only a few months wear. I bought these leggings in a purple color and the material seemed to withstand pilling but I have a black pair that is super pilled to the point where I don't want to wear them anymore after just a few months. I don't believe i'll purchase these leggings or recommend them unless they change the material to one which is more durable. 
Love, but disappointed with longevity. Really liked the design of this pant! Perfect fit, cool fabric, look good with everything! However, I am disappointed that there are now holes in the seams and very rough pilling in the thighs. I took good care of these pants and loved them at first, but they didn't meet my expectations of a Lulu quality pant. 
Comfortable but HORRIBLE pilling. Love these for the comfort but will never buy another pair because of the pilling even though I was super careful to wash and dry properly. Horrible fabric. hand washed, ever been in the dryer but still seeing terrible pilling. love the fit and feel, but can't wear them anywheres because of the terrible pilling. 
Loved at first but. . . It was not an easy decision to spend almost $100 on these leggings but they are my first pair of lululemon leggings so I decided to splurge. However, after hand washing the leggings, they are pilling after wearing them for less than 2 weeks!
Love the material, but. . . . . I'm pretty disappointed that I spent $98 on a pair of leggings that I spent weeks researching to make sure it was worth it and only after 5 wears of LOUNGING they started to pill. Don't get me wrong, the material is to die for and they weren't kidding with how soft it was, but 5 wears?????? I understand the material is delicate which is why I didn't wear it to the gym to sweat in anyways. You'd think at that amount of money it'd at least last a year. Do all the lulus do this? I might be thinking twice before spending money on the other styles. 
Favorite Pants! I used to be a fan of Wunder Under's until I found these pants. They are my absolute favorite, and I find them to be more of a plain tight/legging then Wunder Under and about 1000 times softer! I recently ordered a new pair to replace the pair I've had for years. However, after only a few wears I have noticed that they have already started pilling. I am extremely disappointed that the quality of this pant has gone down over the years!
Disappointed. I heard really great things about these pants from all of my friends and even looked up a few reviews on youtube by a woman who is really knowledgeable about the Lululemon fabrics so i decided to splurge and get myself a pair. After two weeks they have started pilling like crazy even though i don't wear them for anything but yoga. Was really hoping these pants would be the holy grail. 
Disappointed. . . I will say they are soft and comfortable but the quality is very much lacking. I have only had these for a month and they are already pilling and even in some parts of the seams, there are pieces of string coming out. :( I have been wearing Lululemon for so long and I am actually kind of addicted but these leggings are really disappointing me like only a month are they already look like they are a year old, something is definitely wrong and now I have wasted a good chunk of money on what I thought would be good leggings. These are not cheap leggings either, especially for a student. 
Soft! but disappointing. These leggings are SO soft . . . but unfortunately they quality is overall disappointing. After two washes and air drying, they are pilling and seem worn down!!! In addition, they don't stay up well and give a minor camel toe, and I am wearing the correct size. I am upset to have spent almost $100 to find out, they aren't worth it :( $100 leggings should be above and beyond "average". 
Great! But. . . I have been waiting to get another pair of LuLu's since my other ones got stolen and I had only had them for a couple days. I just got a new pair last week, they are so comfortable and I love the feel and how soft they are. There is one problem, there's piling now and I have only had them a week!! There are also strings everywhere on them! I wish that this didn't happen, I am not sure if I am going to buy another pair. . . not sure if it's worth the price if they were falling apart after a week. 
Sadly disappointed once too many times. My mom got me my first pair of Lulu's over 10 years ago, and I still have that same pair. The quality is truly not what it used to be. This is my 4th pair in the past year, I need to change my lulu's every few months, and I can't afford the habit anymore. Tiny holes forming on the thigh, always some way the leggings tear. And this is even following all of the washing/drying instructions. The worst is when I go to the store to tell them about the problems, they make me feel like I am on trial! It's so unfortunate because I always vouched for lulu's. I've thrown in the towel now. 
Upset. I loved these pants they are so comfortable! I got them for Christmas and I was in love. Then the pilling began theres so much pilling all over the pants as well as pulls. I have so many pairs of lululemon pants that have lasted years and I was so disappointed that my new favorite pant was destroyed. 
Pilling. This leggings fit and material are both perfect! However, pilling has been a major problem for me causing the legging to wear down and almost feel cheap. This legging would be my dream pair minus the annoying pilling. 
super comfy but not great quality. I loved these leggings they are sooooo comfy i have 3 pairs, but 2 of them are basically ruined. the seems were coming undone and pilling all over the place. i was extremely disappointed because i love lulu and i have never had a problem with them before i literally live in lulu leggings
Comfy but a lot of pilling. I own a lot of Lululemon gear, and these are so soft and comfortable on. But they have pilled so much in between the thighs. A hole is even starting to form. More than any pair of leggings ever, Lululemon and beyond. Great Fit But Horrible Quality. I have the align crops and absolutely love them, so it was a no brainer for me to get the full length align's, but WOW was I disappointed. My crops are almost 2 years old and still look great, in contrast I have only had the full length pants since November and the amount of pilling is out of control. I haven't even worn them for any heavy activity and when I have washed them it has been by hand, so there is no reason they should be in this bad of shape. I am extremely disappointed that I spent my hard earned money on leggings that ended up being of such poor quality and I can't really wear anymore. 
wouldn't buy again. When I bought these pants I loved them they fit so good but the lifespan is horrible. I've only hand washed lightly and hung them to dry and the pilling is out of control. I do very minimal activity in them and just from walking it ruined the pants. Upset about quality. As a very very dedicated Lululemon shopper since middle school, I am more than disappointed in what happened with these leggings. I shipped a ripped pair back for a gift card (they always did have amazing customer service) BUT the pair of full-length aligns I received today in the mail that I bought with the gift card already had a 6 inch run down the thigh and the tags were still on! As a busy college student, I don't have the time to keep shipping my destroyed items back to this company. 
In the past, I recommended this pair of pants to all my friends, now not so much. Disappointed and upset. . . I never even got to wear them! I may need to find a new favorite pair of leggings as I am getting fed up :(
Super soft but anxious to wear them. The material is super soft and they feel like I'm not even wearing anything. They have a lot of stretch so I would size down. The first time I wore them however I got 2 snags I am super disappointed not sure if its the material or what but one is on the seam in the groin area and one is on the back of my thigh after first time wear this should not happen. Anxious to keep wearing them as I don't want to get anymore snags. ughhh they're fraying really badly. I have loved all of my lulu leggings in the past, but this pair is not keeping up nearly as well as past ones. I got them for Christmas just over a month ago and the inside seam is already fraying and threads are coming undone mid-thigh. The quality of these is not what I have grown accustomed to in my other lulus. 
SO Disappointing. I bought two pairs of these since the align crops have been so wonderful and comfy I figured having a couple full-length pairs would be more of the same. These were a real disappointment! After only wearing them a handful of times and treating them as directed (to the letter!), the quality/pilling/snagging in BOTH PAIRS is like nothing I have seen from Lulu before. I have pairs of pants from up to 10+ years ago that are still in FANTASTIC condition and to not see the same quality in my recent purchases last few years is a real shame :(
Used to love them. I got a pair of the Align pants lat year for Christmas and I LOVED them, they lasted through many wears. I got another pair for Christmas this year and they started pilling by the 3rd time I wore them. 
Comfortable but don't last long. I loved these when my boyfriend first bought them for me. I rarely wore them in the gym because they felt and fitted more like a lifestyle or yoga pant. But they don't wash well and I'm so disappointed. I wash them the way they're supposed to be washed but they've pilled so badly. There are little dots all over my pants! It's very visible despite having bought the black color. I can only hope this has been updated with recent versions, but it was a large investment for me and I don't enjoy wearing them anymore because of their state after a few washes. 
Pills a Lot. I purchased two pairs of Align pants; both the full length and 25". Within 4/5 wears the pants started pilling and it has gotten to the point where I can't even remove the pills without potentially causing further damage or fraying. I use a higher end detergent and hand dry, so to have such poor quality in fabric with a higher price tag is baffling. I love the fit and look, and had these pants not fell apart and faded so quickly, I would definitely purchase again! Since this is not the case, I will not be replacing these anytime soon. . . 
Very disappointed. Disappointed. After having these pants for not even a month, the pants all over are pilling and tearing. These pants are definitely not worth $98. I am very upset with this purchase. Pilling and falling apart. I've had these leggings for a year. Within a month of getting them they started billing on the back of the butt. At this point from roughly the knee to the crotch they are completed covered in pills, as is the back. The front/waist area is starting to pill. I've been conscientious about not drying them and have tried all sorts of tricks to prevent/treat the pilling but nothing has worked. They've gotten to be so bad that I no longer feel comfortable wearing them. 
super comfortable but bad quality. I bought these pants 2 months ago and instantly loved the way they felt when i put them on! I wash them on gentle and hang dry them, to help them last longer. But i was very disappointed that the fabric pilled almost instantly, despite how careful i was with them :(
Great for Comfort, but Started pilling after the 2nd wear. I just bought these pants in the full length, and I have to say I am quite disappointed. I have another pair of align pants that have held up great, but this pair just isn't the same. The pants started to pill on the mid-thigh area which I have never experienced before, and I don't even workout in these pants!! I haven't even washed these pants yet and I am so annoyed that the fabric is already looking distressed. 
Great Feel, But strange stains. I recieved these pants and immediately fell in love. However, upon reciept of the package, I found a strange line/stripe stain that def isn't supposed to be there. Its down the middle of the high waist band, and looks like a weird marking. theres also a small line on the back. Its weird, not super noticable. But, for $100, I would expect the crispest clean pants ever,
wonderful pants. these leggings are so soft and comfy to wear for forever. they stay in place and don't lose their shape, and the sizing is true to other pants. I will be getting more for sure, they are flattering and functional for lots of things
Loved at first but th. I absolutely love the way it feels and looks. On the down-side my inner thighs have pilled and are starting to look really bad now. Ive worn the about 10 times since I got them. my other lulus have not pilled at all. 
