Unbelievable. These are the best leggings I have ever worn. Squat proof and thin so perfect for weight training. Love the colors and the buttery feel almost makes you think you have no pants on! FAVORITE PANTS IN THE WORLD. These pants truly feel like a second skin. THEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE AND CUTE AND PERFECT FOR YOGA OR WEARING ALL DAY! Good, but not great. I have another pair of aligns (25”) but these weren’t quite as amazing as the other pair. These pick up so much lint (unlike the others). . . other than that I do like them. I think these pants fit loose. I’m a 4/6 depending on the fit and I almost feel like I could wear a 2 in these. 
Full length love! Let me start by saying that I am obsessed with Aligns. They are my favorite workout pants and work great with my two favorite hobbies running and yoga. The best part about Aligns are their dual capabilites. I can wear them during the day in the fall with some cute duck boots and a sweater. Later that day I can throw on some tennis shoes, a sports bra, and head to the gym. I am 5'10, so finally having a pair that cover my entire ankle area is like having all my dreams come true. Thank you Lululemon!
Must Have. I absolutely love these pants! I can’t get enough of them! They are so comfortable to workout in. They do show sweat marks, but if you’re at the gym, then you’re obviously there to workout so who cares! Please bring back the midnight navy color!
Need them All!! I could literally wear these leggings every day. In fact, I pretty much do. I haven't experienced any of the pilling that others have. I'm a size 6 in Wunder Unders and a Size 4 in Aligns. I'm 5'4" and 125 lbs. The full length get pulled over my heels for barre. I use them for barre and lifting, and they perform amazing for both. Yes, they show sweat. I work hard and I sweat. But it dries quickly, and I really don't care about sweat marks. I wouldn't wear these for cardio or HIIT because of the sweat, but I don't think they're designed for that anyways. So comfortable and so incredibly flattering!!!Perfection. Love these leggings. Not my normal pants as I like a ton of compression but these are wonderful everyday run around leggings. I wore them while I was pregnant and was right back in them 2 days after I had my baby and I couldn’t have been more comfortable. So soft and comfortable! I’ve had my aligns for a few months now and have had no pilling or problems with the seams so far. I’ve washed them as directed and they’ve held up really well! Although they require a bit more care than most other leggings, it’s worth it. Very comfortable and soft. Sooo soft. These are very soft and flattering. Lulu wasn't kidding when they said buttery soft!!! I have the moss rose color because everyone told me to get a fun color, and it is so pretty and flattering on tan skin. They feel very comfortable and non-restricting. I haven't experienced any pilling, but I don't really have that big of thighs either. I recommend these because they are great for yoga! Will get more!:)
LOVE Align pants! Align pants feel like literal butter and look amazing on. My only qualm is that the waist can fold down a bit depending on the movement -- but that's about it. I love the fit and look of these pants and I would get these in every color if I wore anything but neutrals =) Side note - I think that, somehow, the material has changed in the last couple of years. My older pair is a lot thinner -- which isn't a bad thing, just know that if you purchased a while back they're slightly thicker and more durable. 
I love me align leggings. Super comfy. Feels like I'm not wearing anything. I recommend these to all of my friends and family. High wasted, not as thick of fabric as the wonder-unders and not see-through! I love my aligns. I usually wear a size down from my wonder-under size. This helps so they won't slide since the fabric isn't as thick. Best athletic pants I own. The pants are simply flawless. I will be purchasing in black very soon. I lift weights including squarts and these pants even in the Sage color pass the squat test! The material is second to none truely and is SO soft and def second skin like. GREAT QUALITY PERFECT fit. Lulu outdid themselves on the high waisted fit for sure. LOVE but. . . 
These are definitely the most comfortable leggings I own and I was planning on buying it in more colors, but I have already discovered pilling after only a couple washes. So sad and disappointed!!No Longer Nulu Skeptic. I was skeptical of the Align pants for years- I thought they were too thin and revealing. After purchasing these in the camo print, I am totally converted. The sensation of these pants truly feels almost like wearing nothing- no waistband digging in, annoying seams, etc. They are so lightweight yet with flattering light compression, and I absolutely love the camo print. Perfect for the gym or any other activity when you don't want to be constantly adjusting your leggings. Highly recommend these. 
I LOVE the Align Pants. I'm in athletic gear all day, and I love this style of pant. I agree that the fit feels "naked" in that you feel like you are free! The material is soft, and I bought the Tonic Teal color. It's bright and beautiful. The stitching is a slightly darker color, but I like it that way. It makes them interesting. These waistbands rock, and the fit is so flattering. I've washed, hung dry, worn, and had no problems with seams, pilling or anything else. I actually got some dirt/grease on them from my husband's truck, and it washed out easily with Spray n Wash! I have NOT worked out in them as I love them too much to risk getting dirty at the gym. :)
Hella Comfy. These are my first pair of lululemon leggings. I have to say I was skeptical about the brand, felt like it was just a pay for the name thing. But no, the material is amazing. I am super picky about quality since I work in textiles. The fabric used for these leggings is high end quality and they fit very true to size. I like that they go by pant size. They’re also very breathable to work out in. Print for a no print girl. 
First of all. I only wear black. Ever. My drawer is a sea of black. I bought these camo pants after loving my scuba hoodie in the same print. And they are so flattering. They are my new favorite leggings. Super stretchy but still smoothing. The print is flattering but still within my comfort zone. Some prints change when stretched and these maintain their shape and do not change colors when stretched like others. Multi use pant. These pants are comfortable in yoga, breathable and stretch well. They never bag or sag. Super comfortable, light compression, great for long plane rides, hiking, the gym, yoga, and day use. A great multi use comfortable pant. I prefer the 28" pant over the shorter version. 
My favs!!! The align pants are my absolute favorite. They are soft as butter and so flattering to the figure. I have these in 6 different colors and I can’t wait for more. I am 5’4” 115 lbs. the 28” are to long for me but I wanted that color this time, so I just wear them big at the bottom. Size 4 is perfect. The 25” is a perfect length fit for me when I typically order the align pant. 
Amazing! The softest stretchiest leggings I’ve ever bought. Worth the money and they aren’t see through at all. Don’t worry if the look small when u open them, they r really stretchy and so comfortable. 
Love them! Softest pants ever, run a little big! The Align pants are so unbelievably soft. I prefer the 25", but I thought I'd try one pair of the full length, and they are still cute. They don't hold you in quite as much as the wunder under hi-rise, which are my all-time favs, but they legitimately feel like butter. I get an 8 in the Wunders and a 6 in Aligns as they seem to run a bit larger. Buttery is definitely accurate! This fabric is the nuts! So soft you just want to touch it. 
Loving this purchase! Great pants. I love these pants. They are thin but cover and are great to workout in and to wear out. Life changing. These leggings are the creamiest, butteriest pair of leggings you will ever wear. You can’t truly understand what I mean until you try them on but you won’t regret the buy!
feels like you're not wearing anything, in the best way possible. The Align Pant will be the ONLY legging I will ever buy from Lululemon again- for only good reasons! I have purchased others but nothing compares to the way these feel on my legs and the flexibility they give me at the gym. You have to be careful what activity you do in these, hence the other styles I have purchased, but these are literally so amazing. Less compression then most would like so if you're wanting something to suck you in these probably aren't the pant for you- however I just can't understand how anyone would be disappointed with these!
MOST COMFY PANTS. These are flattering and comfortable. love these. got these in camo print, so fun!! i love how soft the align pants are. they do all pill, so sadly i can't wear them everyday. i have both print and solid colors in the align, and so far the prints seem to pill less quickly! but still love them aside from the pilling. maybe if you are a tiny person with zero leg rub they may not pill. 
Comfortable but needs work. I wish these had a stronger inseam. The material pulls and beads after wearing it once. I think it could be fixed by a stronger patch inseam. Best Legging Ever. No doubt it was one of the happiest purchase ever! Quality, fabric and incredible fit! Also has an intern pocket that is super useful. Most Comfortable Lulus EVER. I'm 5'4, 113 lbs, size 4. These pants fit perfectly and are high-rise enough to cover my belly button. The fabric feels similar to the Un-Tight (which is no longer available). I was a bit skeptical that the 28" would be too long, but it actually gives me the perfect ruche effect towards the ankles. I purchased this in Submarine, which I think is a bit darker than the picture, and black. I would absolutely purchase more colors. The only thing is that I wish the Lulu logo came on the back of the calves on all their leggings. 
So Comfortable! Align pants are the best things ever created!! I have a pair in several colors and different leg lengths. They match and can be worn for any occasion and fit to your body type. My training is crossfit style and I can still wear these and feel good. Since I am pregnant they stretch enough so I can still wear them. 
I LOVE them! Super Comfortable. Feels like your naked. Love these leggings. Bought a pair in camo and in black. Super comfortable and has that naked sensation. They are a thinner material, so I don't think they will last as long as my other Lululemons. I also find them to be a little big on me, even though I am usually a size 2. I am always having to keep pulling them up, which is annoying. I can't size down though, as this is the smallest size made by lulu. :(Pregnancy Perfect. The Align pant never lets me down! These are perfect for my 20 week belly and are SO soft. They aren’t super tight and do not dig in. I wear these for yoga and under long tunics, not for running or weight lifting typically. They are the perfect lounge pant! I put this pair on for the first time today and noticed a ‘pull’ right away in the top thigh area - not sure if I am suppose to leave it alone and hope it doesn’t cause a small hole? I am worried that after a few washes a hole will happen and they will be unwearable :(
Fabulous. Soft butter fabric - by far my favorite yoga pants!! Awesome for hot yoga!!Feel Like Butter. I heard so many great things about the Align pants (especially while pregnant), but when I jumped onto the site and read negative reviews I got nervous. Thankfully I decided to try them out because they really are as amazing as what I first heard! And the waistband is snug, but not too tight on my growing baby bump. I teach fitness classes so finding the right gear is super important. Definitely try these out if you love working out or leggings in general :)
My 14th align pant Favorite gym pants. These are my favorite pants I wear everyday to my bootcamp classes. They don't need to be constantly pulled up like others I have. They are so silky and comfortable it feels like nothing on. Like this new longer. Also lovin' the new black camo!
Thank God for 2nd Chances. I thought I tried these same kinds at the store but didn't buy it there because they didn't have my size so I ordered it online. It did take a bit longer than usual to get it but I finally got them and when I first tried it on, I clicked the return option on my order and set up a return. It was not the same ones I tried on at the store. I went home from work that day and decided to try them on again and LOVED it for some reason!! I decided to keep it and am getting another pair! LOVE IT!!Love them!!!! Please make these in red!!!!!Awesome Feel. These feel amazing on. They are so comfortable. I dislike the pink color I got them in, it's a strange color. I am keeping them because they are so comfortable. Yummy fall pants. Love the color and feel of these! I'm wearing them now, but ready for fall and a more cozy color palate. 
BEST FABRIC EVER. Seriously. For those of us who have a booty, thighs, and want something that stretches with us and doesn’t go sheer this it! I LOVE THESE. I hate high rise waist bands that fold over and these don’t fold thank goodness! I am 5’7 150lbs and wear an 8!Favorite BUT. I have 4 pairs of Align pants, so I clearly love them, BUT there are a few things to note. First, the reviews are true; they pill pretty badly and the seams become frayed almost immediately, but only where your legs rub. I have remedied this by buying a cheap fabric shaver and cleaning them up every month or so. Second, the camouflage is a slightly different material due to the pattern and therefore DOES NOT PILL (yay!!). The pants are beyond comfortable and stretch like crazy without stretching out. . . I wore them through 9 months of pregnancy (literally every single day at the end) and they still fit after pregnancy back at my normal size. Should a $100 pair of pants have the issues they have? Probably not, but it's also probably nothing they can fix without changing the amazing material. Overall, the positives, for me, far outweigh the negative aspect of pilling. I couldn't live without these pants. YESSSS!!!! 
Amazing. I love that they are full length and the print is beyond amazing. Already love the aligns and these are simply PERFECT!
Fantastic pants! I love this pants! I own a number of pairs of the align crop and they never disappoint. I wear them for just about any work out; barre, yoga, even Orangetheory. I recently purchased the black camo print and they are so cute - sooo many compliments! I would highly recommend snagging a pair of these pants if you’re new to lulu or just want to expand your collection; these are a must-have item. pretty great. got the camo print because I missed it years ago and regretted it. I had them hemmed into crops and I love the look, print it great! I don't use them to workout in very often, only if I didn't plan on it. althoigh, im a trainer and my job involves alot of movement, even if I'm not working out. SO, little pilling going on, which makes you have to wear them a little less often. I wish they would come out with camo in other fabrics. other wise, they are great for lounging, flying, yoga, super comfy. I usually can wear a 6/8, got these in a six and glad. Greatest leggings EVER. this is my third pair of Aligns and I just cannot get enough. They are seriously the greatest and love all the new colors. they are a must so don't even think twice. Fun camo. Super comfy, holds everything in perfect & washes well. 
Obsessed. The align pant. Life changing. The most comfortable pair of leggings you could own. So soft, stretchy and so many colors to choose from! I love them for lounge wear, running errands, weight training, yoga. Especially hot yoga. When these leggings get wet they move like skin. 
Incredible! Not PANTS. Align "pants" are not pants. They are leggings or tights. I am a fitness instructor and can't wear these while I teach because I wear knee supports on both knees and the pants are too tight in the calf/knee area to go over the supports. 28 inch length is just too short too, comes above my ankle. 30-32 inch is what I consider a full length pant. I have at least 65 pairs of Lululemon pants, and most of the straight leg pants I have, I love. The original groove are too big, the flare or bootleg are too wide at the bottom. Ive mentioned this for years on feedback and in the stores but I never see anything new being made. Many of my students are in the 50+ population and will not wear leggings. I love the fabric of these "pants" and the black/gray camo print I really love, I will wear these pants but never to teach a class and I teach 7 days a week. Pregnant and comfy. I bought these pants to wear while pregnant (and after). I am almost 30 weeks pregnant and they are the most comfortable pants to wear. I did buy 1 size up from what I would normally wear just in case. Quite long. I love aligns and have several pairs. These pants have all the great features of aligns but are quite long. I’m 5’6” and they bunch at my ankles. Probably would be a great option for taller ladies. I could live in these! After seeing mixed reviews I was hesitant to order these however I am so glad I did (and I've purchased 2 more pairs since. ) I kept reading they pill so I've both dried them in the dryer and air dried and have yet to have an issue with this! They are hands down the most comfortable leggings I've ever tried. I'm also 5'11. 5 and they are long enough! The issue about them being see through is you have to wear a seamless thong with them and then you can't see anything. . . I squated in them and my friends confirmed they were not see through! 
Really is a "naked sensation" when wearing! As a barre instructor, I can't own enough amazing pairs of pants to teach in. The Align Pant is truly like a second skin pant, but it doesn't constrict your movement. I size down a full size from my WU's and they are perfect. I did a hot barre class (like hot yoga) and the pants kept me cool the entire time. I actually felt a cold sensation after class! 
These are a staple of my work wardrobe! Pants. Fit well I wear these all the time. I love themFits like a glove. They are the most comfortable and cutest leggings ever!
Love These Leggings! These leggings are amazing! They fit so great, are comfortable, and feel like you are not wearing anything. They are definitely my favorite leggings to wear - especially for hot yoga sculpt. Some leggings get weighted down by sweat or hold in heat but these are breathable. Also, I love the pink color and the high waist is always flattering :)
Amazing leggings! Comfy, holds up, & Long! I’m tall (5’9) and lanky. . . finding leggings long enough is a challenge, but these are great! Even with all the wear and tear from doing 5+ hot yoga classes a week, these are the softest things in my closet! Have them in 3 colors and would love more!
Favorite 2nd pair of leggings! This was the 2nd pair of leggings I got in store and I got the color vintage grape and they are so soft! I was so shocked to not really feel a pair of pants on my body. However I went home and washed them the next day and noticed that the butter soft material wasn't so buttery after washing. . . However the pair is still soft and no pilling so I will continue to just do my usual workouts and day-to-day activities until further notice. 
A Must! These are absolutely my favorite pants and the camo print is adorable. So incredibly comfortable. Love, love a definite must! 
Favorite legging with a catch. The aligns are hands down my favorite leggings I own. I have several pair in several colors. They fit well. Super comfortable and the seams are strategically placed to be the most flattering. The catch? $100 is steep for a pair of leggings- that being said I have no problem paying that for great quality. I wish I could say these are great quality but I just purchased 2 pair a couple months ago and they’re both already peeling. I take good care of these leggings. Never dry them. Delicate wash them inside out & they still peel! Hard to justify to buy another pair. I’ve even considered trying out a different brand. Only yoga pant I wear. An employee recommended the align pants to me in store a few years ago and I’ve since bought about 6 pairs. They’re so comfortable but stay in place. And you feel supported without squish. Wish they sold the full length in stores. 
Extremely comfortable. Great for every day wear or a workout at the gym (or yoga) My favorite pans in the world but they pile :( So soft and comfortable, I wear them every day!!! They are so comfortable I feel like I'm not wearing anything - I JUST LOVE THEM! They did start pilling after a short amount of time (for me it was 2 months) which is a bummer otherwise would own 10 of those. I hope lulu can improve the quality but keep them as comfortable as they are. Camo is so CUTE! Just got the Black camo pants and they are sooooo cute! These run a little bigger then other pants in lulu so may want to size down. I can’t wait to wear but I wish wish wish they came in crops. 
Soft and lovely. Okay so first let me say - I haven't had my three pairs of aligns for very long. Maybe about four or five wears in for each. SO FAR - I love them! They are super soft and stretchy. Not thick. Definitely size down at least one size from your normal lulu. They are not compression leggings by any means but I don't find that they move around. Maybe a tiny bit before I'm sweating but once I start moving they stay put for me no problem. The lighter colours do show sweat and I have noticed water stains (weird, right?) but they go away with out issue. Either with more water and rinsing or with a bit of time the water marks disappear on their own. Not a deal breaker for me but I know this can drive some woman nuts - so beware of the lighter colours if this bothers you. Also - the black satin colour is GORGEOUS. It is a dark, muted purpley-grey. It is a lovely neutral that's not black or grey so its a nice subtle flare to my wardrobe! I will definitely hand wash and air dry and hope for the best in terms of the many negative reviews. Soft Comfortable fit! Love the align pant. 
Super soft and flattering. Nice high waist makes it a very comfortable fit. Don’t won’t to take them off. So far my favorite lululemon leggings I own. They’re so soft, they don’t ride down, stay in place perfectly. They’re the perfect length and I’m 5’10 so length can be hard. I need more of these in my life!
Amazing, But NOT worth it. Bought these leggings as a Christmas present to myself. . . LESS than 15(not even) wears later, so much pilling has happened, and the fabric has become SO thin. I was told to hand-wash and air dry when I bought them. I have never been so disappointed with a pair of leggings. They were cute while they lasted :'(Like wearing no pants! These pant are life changing. It feels as if I have a pair of pants that are hugging my thighs but move in any direction that my body moves. I have very long legs so the 28' inseam was a game changer. I would buy these pants in every color if I had the budget to. 
Best purchase ever. love love love. i cannot live without these pants. they are amazing !!! so soft and comfortable, i need them in every colorPerfect Pant. I LOVE these pants! Between CrossFit, Yoga, and Tennis, these pants work for all my needs. The fabric is so soft, and they fit absolutely perfectly. 
Align Pant Full Length 28". I love these yoga pants! I live in South Carolina and was looking for yoga pants that were more comfortable to wear out in the heat of the summer. I asked a yoga teacher and she told me about these. 
Love them! Wish I Had More! I love my new Align legging. They are so comfy, easy to practice in, and they’d be great to wear all the time-they’re that good! Pricy, yes, but my Lulus always hold up so well, it’s more like an investment. Best Leggings. I never understood the excitement about lulu leggings until I discovered align. The fabric and fit are fabulous. They are the best. I'd love to see an option for these that slip over the heel for colder months. 
Could live in these!! Could a pant be anymore perfect! This is my new go to for on the go errands to yoga or a light run. The fit and feel are perfect. If you like a more snug fit I would size down. I bought both a 4 and 6 and LOVE both!!
Amazing leggings besides a few downsides. They are very comfortable and cute but after a few wears, they started pilling which was very upsetting. I had gotten a pair as a gift and was so excited, as they are a bit pricey but were on the top of my wishlist, but after a while some of the elastic from the waistband must have come out, making the waistband itchy. They are super stretchy and are perfect for practice besides the few small things, it's just upsetting having someone pay so much to be a bit disappointed. 
My favorite. . . unitl. I absolutely love these leggings, the fit, feel, tightness, and length are all PERFECT. The only downfall and the reason why I am upset is because they have started piling after only a handful of wears. If there was a way for them to not do this, they would be the best leggings ever. 
LOVE! I wear these pants for Hot Yoga and they are my absolute favorite! Extremely soft and comfortable, they allow you to move freely w/o feeling tight and constricted. 
I LOVE them! Really love the Align fabric! I love these pants! I was very pleased with the quality of the material. I primarily wear them for yoga, but occasionally will wear them for running or climbing. I could live in these pants. I'm 5'4, and I found that after going to a Lululemon store and trying a pair of the 25" align pants that they are a better length for me. I tend to wear my 25" ones more for exercise because of the sportier feel that they provide. I tend to wear my full length ones more for lounging. I wish I had more than 2 pairsBlack satin is more of a raisin color than brown. I was excited to see a brown pair of leggings, however, the color in the photos is not accurate. "Black Satin" is really more of a deep raisin hue with a warm, dark purple tint. I will be returning this color. Please release a true warm-toned brown someday, lululemon!
AMAZING!!!! I'm a big fun of the align pants and this new print is just as amazing! they are perfect for a day of lounging, running errands, or going to yoga!
Comfortable and flattering. These pants fit like a glove and feel great. The material is soft, breathable and flattering. The curve of the stitching makes legs appear slimmer. Very flattering pantBeat legging ever purchased. I bought these and may I say they are the most comfy legging I have ever purchased. Well worth the money. I wore them pre pregnancy and all through my pregnancy and then after. Never binding, and never stretched out. Love these. Will be buying more colors!
Like Butter. I am obsessed with the Align pant. This was my third pair that I bought and loved the longer length to wear year round in a fun but subtle print. Keep 'em coming!Best Pants Ever - Really! Align Pants are hands down the best yoga pants I have ever purchased. They wick perfectly are extremely soft and do not pill (just follow the care instructions, people!). They have enough stretchiness to make you really feel held-in but allow for tons of movement and are like a second skin. I have been stocking up!
Amazing. I absolutely loved these pant. The fit was perfect. And the way they move to your body is wonderful. Super Soft. These are the softest Lululemon pants money can buy. They do NOT dig into your tummy like other styles, they simply lay flat and hold their shape. I have found that I love these pants for hot yoga, Zumba, Boot Camp, or just lounging around. I am 5’7” tall and the 28” goes to my ankle and the 25” are just a bit shorter. Both fit fantastically, and I have about 5 different colors of these. Hands down the best stretch and comfort that moves with you. 10/10 Recommend. Love the snug fit and the pockets! Perfect to dress up or dress down. I’ve had them for a few months and love them as much as I ever had. My only issue is that I have to hike the waist band up quite often to keep them from slipping down my waist. Other than that, I love them!
Angels on your skin. Not only does the Align Pant come in a wide variety of color ways- but they ARE EVERYTHING THEYRE PROMISED TO BE. They have the perfect amount of stretch to support ratio, all the meanwhile feeling like angels hugging your entire lower half. I love all of my lulu leggings, but these are a whole other level of comfort. LOVE. Love these pants, my first pair of lululemon and will buy more for sure!!! They are soft, not see through and feels soooooo comfortable on. And the waistband stay put
Love these pants. I love the feel of these leggings they are so soft and fit so well. I would recommend these leggings to anyone, whether you like to workout or not these leggings are great for anything!
Love but. . the quality was as promised! fit perfect and incredibly comfortable! however i’m already seeing signs of pilling! i love these leggings just wished they lasted longer for how much i spent on them :/Favorite leggins ever. I absolutely love the aligns. They are so much my favorite style of leggings that I must have them in 30 different colors. They are soft and buttery to the touch and breathe well during my workouts. I have a problem overheating and these allow great air flow and cooling. I recommend them to all my friends and have gotten many hooked!
SO F*CKING AMAZING. I am never buying another brand of leggings ever again. I originally thought they were extremely overpriced but they are worth every single pennyGreat pants. Great fit. Light weight. I really like them!
My go-to pants. These leggings are incredible. I love to teach and take class in them! Comfortable, easy to move in, and flattering. Perfect. They fit and feel perfectLove these pants. I am a fan of the align pant and have it in many of the original colours. I recently ordered the camo print align pants and they are amazing. The pattern is perfect for styling with either just a plain top it goes well with a jean jacket and a leather jacket. These are versatile pants that work for both going out and going to the gym!
My favorite ! I’m so happy this color came back in stock!! Love, love, love some more!!!Soft and fabulous! I think the Align is one of the “must have item” from lululemon for sure. They are buttery soft and fit so well. For me personally, it’s a size down item. In my TTS(4) they had 0 compression, but in a size down(2) they had some compression without being sheer. I recommend sizing down and doing the “bent test”(some light colors might be sheer). I own 16 pairs (some crops) and I really like them for teaching a class but I wouldn’t run in them. They are very delicate and prone to pilling. The pant version is nice for tall girls like me (I’m 5’8), especially for fall and winter. If you are shorter, I recommend buying the 25 inches length since the 28 might be too long. The Align are great for hiking and casual wear too!
cool pattern. the align pant is my favorite material out of all my lulus just because of how comfy they are. so when i saw my friend wearing a camo version i immediately ordered them online because i’ve been waiting for a camo pattern to come back out and often with lulu, once something is gone, it’s gone! i love the pattern, however they don’t feel exactly like my other 2 pairs of align pants, they’re not as soft. also it says they’re 28” length and i’m 5’7 so my other align pants come to right above my ankle, i thought these would be longer which i was excited for, but in oder for me to pull them up high enough for my liking, they seem to be the same length as my other ones. i would still recommend because i love the pattern that much. 
AMAZING. I recommend these pants to everyone! I love lululemon and their amazing quality itemsIf you think you need these, you do. Love the subtle camo print! I get so many compliments when I wear these. They are great for the gym as well as dressing up for a cute casual look. I love pairing these pants with my black lulu hat, over-sized black sweater and bright white sneakers! The fact that these are full length will also pair super cute in hunter boots or my sorel wedges in the winter. love the align, but some fabrics are different than others. Just bought my first pair of align pants a couple months ago and I'm in love! 
So soft, and so comfortable. I did size down from my regular size 4, however, that was only because I teach pure barre regularly, and when I teach I an constantly getting up and down off the floor to demo. Because of this, my leggings tend to stretch out more, and so I chose the smaller size. If I was simply taking class, I would choose my normal size. Also, I have purchased several pairs of these pants at this point because I love them so much. I recently purchased the camo print, and the material feel thicker and less stretchy than the original. I will be returning this pair for a size 4 instead of my regular align size 2. Like Butter On Your Legs!! 
Love the Align pant 28'! I have them in many colors and use them for yoga, weights and casual wear! This Nulu material is addicting and love wearing it for my workouts! I also have the 25' Align pant in many colors, but the 28' is my favorite! Love the prints especially! Happy LuLu is keeping these pants as a core item, it's the first thing I look for in each weekly upload!! Please keep them coming!!
Thesent pants work magic on your butt. This is my first pair of aligns and I think they are the most comfy of all lulus I have ( at least 100 pair of pants) I haven't had them long and only washed a few times (always on delicate /cold water) I'm hoping they don't pill as bad as some people say. They are pricy but for the most part I've had good luck with all my lulu gear. Please make more camo patterns AND bring back the original speed shorts, I will buy them all
Great fabric. I really love the fabric, its light, but does a great job of feeling firm and snug. However, I bought the long 28" pair, when what really wanted the 25" pair. The 28" pair was long enough to go over my ankle while the 25" pair is a 7/8th length, so I exchange them. It was a length purchase error on my part. Soooo Soft, but High Maintenance. 
I love these pants!!! The fabric is so soft and the moss rose color is my new favorite (please make a matching sports bra!!). The only complaint I have is that the seams on these pants are so delicate. I exchanged my last pair when the seam started to become loose after washing and drying them twice. So far. I have washed on delicate with other lulu only and air dried my new pants about 6 times and the seams seem to be hanging in there. Great leggings, but pill. I purchased these leggings about 8 months ago- my first lulu leggings and I really love them! The material is incredibly soft, comfortable and I love the high waistband. However, the unfortunate problem I've run into is the fabric pilling. For the price, this is disappointing. Super soft! Love these pants, super soft and stretchy. Not see through for m
SOOO close to perfect. I absolutely love these pants. I bought them in the grey color in a size 6 (my usual lululemon size) and the full length. The material is unbelievable and unlike any other pair of leggings I have. I would recommend sizing down since there is no compression in the leggings (I can almost fit into a 4 regularly but usually choose a 6, but in the aligns I would go with a size 4 instead). The only flaw in these leggings is that some of the seams are starting to become loose already (I bought these 7 months ago) and there is pilling especially in the inner thighs. SO close to perfect but the quality is not acceptable for $98 leggings. 
So Comfy. I loved these pants, they were so comfortable. I would recommend these to everyone, but after only two months the pilling in the back got crazy and the seams started to slowly come out. Definitely not pants that you can wear all the time. 
Dreamy soft. These are so soft and comfortable, I never want to take them off. I only received them yesterday, but I've been wearing them non-stop around the house/errands. The fit and feel is so divine, but I am nervous about the pilling. I had a pair from last year that pilled badly in the knees from gym classes. But I do not plan on working out in these, so hopefully they last longer because I love them!
I never want to take these off! These are so soft and comfortable, I LOVE them! I prefer these to the luxtreme and luons because these have a nice tight fit, smooth out the butt and don't get loose in the crotch, but don't feel quite as constricting, which I prefer for casual wear. I have washed my first pair several times and dry them on a rack and haven't had any pilling, in fact all of my leggings are still in great shape after caring for them the same way for a few months. After buying my first pair of lululemon's, I love them so much I have bought several more pairs, and I never wear any other leggings at this point. If you're thinking of making the plunge, I say go for it!
Great pants, No pilling so far. I LOVE these pants! They feel very light and thin, but still provide support and hold everything in, so they're great for yoga or barre classes. I have had these for about a month and I have not had any pilling issues, and I have always followed the washing instructions and lay them flat to dry. Will definitely get another pair as long as these continue to hold up and not pill!
BEST pants ever - but delicate! These are my all time favourite pants. THANK YOU for making them in full length!!!!!!! My only negative is they are definitely delicate. I have a few pairs and they do snag easily :( However, I will continue to buy these because they're the most comfortable pants I own. 
AMAZING Pants but Dissapointed in Quality :( First, let me say I absolutely am OBSESSED with these pants. I got them for my birthday a few weeks ago and they literally feel like you are wearing no pants, which is amazing. I want to buy a new pair because they are THAT comfortable and come in the best colors; however, I am hesitant. My current pair I can probably count the number of times I've worn it, and take extreme care when washing and lay out to dry but the quality has already deteriorated. For an $100 pair of pants I would've hoped they would last more than a few uses before extremely significant pilling. Expected more out of Lulu given my other items have held up better. My favorite! I love these! They are so soft! I highly recommend them!
My favorite! Forever an Align, girl! I understand some peoples concerns when it comes to the pilling and money you are spending on these leggings BUT I really can't say I agree with all the negative feedback. They are a wonderful legging and the beauty of this brand is that they stand behind their products so if it isn't performing right (aka pilling, etc. ) they will help you and make the situation right. My aligns have survived so much. Out of like 30 pairs I can honestly say maybe 2 have pilled and lululemon always obliged in fixing the issue. You get your moneys worth! 
The aligns are beautiful and extremely flattering, can be revealing but the fit and feel is just so soft and incomparable to anything else I have tried. Also, I was told a long time ago when I purchased my first pair that I could put mine in the dryer just on a very low temp and inside out. I was too afraid to so I always line dried. Well, I tried it recently and it did nothing to the fabric, in fact it felt better than when I line dried them. They did not pill or lose softness in anyway. 
My favorite summer legging. These leggings feel great! I was afraid to buy them due to all the poor reviews, but I've had them for 2 years now and haven't had any problem with them. I now own 3 pair and am thinking about buying a 4th. I even run in them which you aren't supposed to do. Great to wear all day. Like butter. These pants are amazing! I put them on and didn't want to take them off. They are on the thinner side, so definitely not for sitting in a blizzard, but for these hot summers and teaching a class, they are perfection. 
super comfy. love it overall its is light fabric so its kind of delicate to take care but its so soft and comfy!! u won't disappointed im a medium and just i had to get size 6 to feel it tight!!O M G Pants. Never been that confortable wearing other clothes! Love at first sight <3didn't get the perfect size. I ordered size 38 but it came a little bit loose. so I recommended people to get one or two size smaller than their actual size. 
These leggings are soft, second skin sensation, flattering and make your legs look amazing. I felt more confident to hit the gym wearing these. I read the reviews and most people were not satisfied with the quality. I hope I won't regret buying these a little bit expensive leggings. 
Confused, no stain remover on these? First off - I LOVE these leggings I have 3 pairs, and just bought a 4th. I learned after my first pair the proper way to wash them (cool water, inside out, WITH LIKE FABRICS) I only wash them with other gym like fabrics and have had great results. Unfortunately, on my newest pair had a dark spot - I don't know what is was or where it came from so I sprayed a little shout stain remover and washed it properly; the dark spot came out but in the place where I sprayed the shout the fabric is pilling. I didn't rub it in because know you need to be super gentle with these leggings - I wish the washing instructions also said don't use stain remover. I would have tried to wash them without the shout spray first :(
Super soft and comfortable I love the align pants! They're super soft and lightweight and super stretchy. I read some reviews before purchasing and saw people mention the pilling, but I decided to buy them anyways thinking that it wouldn't happen to me. After a couple of washes I noticed they started to pill, which is unfortunate, but I still love wearing them. 
Super comfortable. . . Material doesn't last long though. I absolutely love the feel of these leggings. By far my favorite leggings I have owned. I would still purchase these leggings with the issues I have been having. Unfortunately, I have bought a few of these pants, and each pair I have struggled with pilling. I only the wear the pants for my lazy days for running errands and hanging out with the family. I have never put them through the dryer either. I have exchanged a pair before but they continue to have the same pilling problem. Could it be something I am doing wrong? Or is it common with these pants?
Second skin leggings but may pill. I love these versatile leggings. I use them when I'm lounging around the house, when I'm doing yoga, and when doing low-impact workouts. They feel so soft and comfortable to be in. However, after having the leggings for a while and washing them a handful of times they are starting to pill. I'm pretty disappointed that they are already starting to pill since they are so expensive and meant to last a long time. But I still consider buying more because of how good they feel when they are new. 
Super soft, but poor quality. I love love love these pants and have about 5 pairs, but the pill SO easily. I hand wash all my Lululemon clothing, and have never had an issue, until I bought these pants. I still love them an will continue to wear them, but after hand washing the pants twice, the pilling started and they will never be the same. As much as it is annoying, I still love the feel of the pants when I first wear them. Love these but the piling is awful. I really love the way these leggings feel, they are probably one of the most comfortable leggings I own. However the pilling is awful. The piling is the only reason keeping me from buying another pair of these leggings because I really do love the way they feel on. It doesn't even feel like you're wearing leggings. Love the soft feel. I wear these for hot yoga classes and because they are so soft and comfy, I also wear lounging at home. I wash often haven't had an issue with pilling, but also use a very clean natural soap. So soft and comfy! But… These pants are super soft and comfy, and hold they their shape well, but I also had an issue with picking/pilling. After the first wash they had pilled on the inside, and after the second they started to pill on the outside as well. And don't go near any rough surfaces! I still love them, but they really do require extra care. 
Only Leggings I Wear. LOVE LOVE LOVE. I'm so dismayed by all the negative reviews - I'm *that* scared that Lulu will discontinue these. They're the only leggings I've been able to wear in the past 10 years. The fabric is so supple and lightweight. I absolutely hate tight pants, but these are a dream. Not to discount others' experiences, but I wear and wash mine multiple times each week and have not had any quality issues - no pilling or fraying at all. Please keep these around, Lulu!
Every day leggings. I absolutely love these leggings! They are the most comfortable, flattering pants I own. I can no longer buy leggings from anywhere else besides Lululemon. These are my 2nd pair of aligns, however, I fully expect the stitching to start balling up. It is the biggest downfall from these leggings, but Lululemon does have a great policy on if your pants fall apart which is why I continue to buy them. I had the 25's but thought I would try on the 28's. I absolutely love these ones so much better. They fit much better around the ankle than the other ones did for me. These are longer but actually fit my legs better than the other ones. 
Most comfortable leggings ever. These lulu leggings instantly became my most favorite pair. They felt like wearing nothing and hug everything perfectly! My only small complaint is they did start pilling after multiple washes. 
SUPER comfy but not great quality. As soon as I tried them on I loved them! But that was very short lived when they started to pill after the third wear. :( I expected some pilling because of reviews I had watched on YouTube. I was carful with them and didn't use them for anything extreme. I made sure to wash them properly to avoid pilling, but it still pilled, and in weird places. . . it first started pilling on the top of my thigh. I thought it was weird because pilling usually occurs where the fabric is being rubbed, and I don't rub the top of my thigh. Another thing I noticed after a couple wears was a thread sticking out right above my but. I was really exited for these pants and whished they held up a bit better, but they are still super comfy
So comfortable! I love these pants! I am so happy that they are now making the 28" length now. Please release them in even more colours! They do fit loose & so I size down. I am 5'6" tall & 132lbs. I am normally a size 8 in all Lulu leggings, but I get these in a size 6. They feel like you are wearing nothing on your legs & so if you like leggings that hold you in, these are not what you are looking for. The lighter colours show sweat a lot more, & so if you are worried about that just go with the darker colours. 
Super Comfortable, but. . . . . They are the most comfortable, soft, and lightweight yoga pants I own. However, mine have pilled. I take care of them and I make sure to air dry and not machine dry. They are my go to for comfort, but for the price - I'm disappointed in the quality. I own more than one pair and am seeing the same results as time goes by. BEST LEGGINGS EVER. OMG I am obsessed with these pants. I would wear them every single day if I could. I have one pair, black, that I wear skiing, to work, to work out, and around the house. I have always gone after leggings that are skin tight "hold me in" and these lay right against your body. I went a size down so they are comfortable to run in. I have heard that these are also lulu's most maternity friendly because they are so stretchy. They did pill and I don't care because I wear them so much. They still look and feel amazing and I can't wait to buy another pair!!! 
10/10, WOULD RECOMMEND. SPREAD THE WORD. ALSO not see through at all!
absolutely fantastic!! I was so so so excited to buy these, and I wanted them to be perfect because hello for that price point they better be great. And they are! They're so super soft and nicely high waisted, and they don't gap like some cheaper ones do. They're just the right length without needing alterations, and they fit so nice! I did buy a 6 in store after the online size chart told me I was an 8, so I would be aware of that especially since they're supposed to be fitted. All the reviews complain about pilling but I haven't had that issue to an extreme other people saw, the very small amount of rubbing between the thighs is totally acceptable to me and I wouldn't not buy these because of that issue. These are definitely my new go-to leggings for doing errands, dancing, yoga, and running!
My New Fave. I absolutely love these leggings. I love how the seems are made reinforced between the thighs. They pill like every other pair of leggings ever made, but thats manageable. They fit super well, they don't stretch out, and stay true to it's size. 
I'm in love! Love These. I am writing this review after owning these for 11 months. I have washed them each week sometimes twice a week with no special care just normal wash and they are still perfect. I haven't seen ANY piling like everyone talks about and I'm thinking this is because my thighs don't rub so this could be why. i am 125lbs 5'6 and i ordered a 6. I think i will order a 4 next time because although the 6 fits sometimes I'm pulling them up to avoid saggy crouch lol a true indicator that a legging is a tad to big. I love these leggings because I'm not huge on compression because who wants to be compressed while trying to work out. I wear these while running, weight training, lounging around, you name it!
So far a favourite. I am 5'2, 121lbs and I'm wearing a size 4 in these pants. My sister owns a few of them and I've tried them on and love them. They're long on me but that's ok. The material is amazing and I'm hoping I have her luck because she's had her align crops for over a year, no piling. So far so good. I did a leg workout in them yesterday and it was so comfortable. 
Daily Drivers. This are my favorite pants! I love the uncompressed naked feel. The pants stay in place for yoga, stretching, deep squats, biking, hiking and general working out. I have been active in these pants 4-5 days a week since Oct 2015. I prefer these over the Wunder Unders. Once I finish my workout, I never want to take them off. I love the 28" length. 
Please make these in more colors! Never wearing anything else again! I LOVE these pants! They make my butt look amazing, fabric is soft as butter and they stay where i want them to without needing endless adjusting! The waist line is super high and thin. This is the only pair of pants i have ever worn that don't show lumps and bumps at the waist under tight yoga tank tops. The 28" are the perfect length for my legs (I'm 5'10) - PLEASE make as many colours in the 28" length as the other 
Align pants! The (almost) perfect travel pant. I recently took these pants on a 13-month trip around the world. As I was traveling carry-on only, they were one of only 3 pairs of pants I took through 20 countries. The good: SO soft, so comfortable, so flattering. These were my primary travel day pant and have been on me during many long train, bus, and plane rides. They are crazy comfortable. Sometimes I would use the secret pocket during sketchy bus rides. They are super flattering, versatile, and go with everything. Seriously- I could wear these on the street in La Paz and they pass for pants. I wore them climbing a volcano in Guatemala and they are perfect active wear. Hiking in the Himalayas, scootering in Italy, you get the point, they go everywhere. Other advantages as a travel pant- they pack small, and dry quickly, which is important as i had to do hand laundry and line dry many, many times. The not so good-- a couple months into my trip, the pants started showing signs of wear-- specifically pilling in the thigh area. This was disappointing for the price and otherwise fantastic quality. The pilling would give me pause in recommending these as primary travel pants. Such a bummer, as they are perfect in every other way. Durable, but be careful! 
I really really love the aligns, one of the few leggings that actually stay put and not sliding down. They are super soft and comfortable, I recommend them for yoga or easy strenght/weight workouts (not involving barbells chafing the quads, like olympic lifting). I read that a lot of people have problems with exessive pilling. I do not seem to have that issue (I bought Redwood and Midnight Navy). I carefully wash them inside out in cold water (30 Celsius), NO jeans and NO towels, preferrably in a washbag. They have just a very little little bit of pilling which is hardly noticable to me (I washed them 5 times by now). Also no pilling near my "fluffy" areas: inner thighs, bum etc. . I do recommend sizing down (just like the educator advised me)
Am I even wearing pants? So I've only worn these a few times and haven't washed them so I can't speak to the alleged pilling issue. I will say though, if your gear doesn't live up to your standards, Lululemon customer service ALWAYS makes it right. I tried on the shorter length in the store and didn't like the length and pleaded "please make these in regular length!" then I saw them online and was so happy they did. You really do feel naked in these, aside from the waistband, you can definitely feel that it's there, but they are so buttery soft and comfy, I feel like I am wearing a thick moisturizer, thats the only way I can describe them. They are thinner, but you cannot see through them. Something to note, these are not good for prancing around in the cold winter air. They don't have the same compression as the wunder under pants, but still suck you in nicely. I bought my regular size 6 and they fit TTS. I hope they stand the test of time, I will be very careful washing these. 
Love. I haven't had the piling issues like many other reviews have stated. I have a blue crop pair, the 7/8 black pair and the red full length. I have had no issues with any of them (and have bought over a period of two years, the red pair being about a month ago). They are by far the most comfortable tights I've ever owned. I'm about to buy another full length as they are still very comfortable a size up for my pregnancy. I never want to take them off. I can't yet speak to the quality over long term use. 
I bought a pair of Aligns in store a few weeks back (the 7/8th length) and instantly fell in love. I went online a week later and scooped up a pair of the full length aligns too. I literally never want to take them off and see no reason for ever wearing "real" pants again. They're flattering and look oh so cute paired with a baggy T and converse, and of course they're perfect for yoga and light activity. Most will say to size down in these, but I got my regular size because I don't like any compression at all and they're perfect. I'll be stocking up in more colours soon!
So soft/ no pilling problems because I wash separately and line-dry. My teenagers and I love these soft, versatile leggings. They feel wonderful on your skin, like the best PJs you own. They are thin, however-- not for freezing winter runs. One daughter rows crew, the other plays tennis, I hike, do pure barre and play tennis. . . these leggings (we own multiple pairs) have held up to it all. The girls even wore them under ski pants when they learned to snowboard. I think the answer to pilling is the way you wash them. In the store the salesperson advised me to wash them with other similar sports-lycra materials (no cotton!). I also hang them up to dry. They've held up great for us and my daughters wear them pretty much constantly. In fact, I went to barre this morning, put a long sweater over them, and showed up at an 8 am work meeting. They transition from barre to work because they aren't shiny. Love. my favorite pants. I LOVE these leggings. I have three pairs and they are fantastic. I do notice that they stretch out significantly over time, but the biggest problem is the pilling, like others have said. I wish there was something to do about this because I don't like wearing my old pairs out as much anymore since they are so pilled. Other than that I would recommend these to anyone. 
Love these minus the piling. . . . I adore these pants! They are the most comfortable lulu's I own! My only complaint is the piling between the legs. It happens after just a couple wears which is a bummer considering how much you pay for these pants. . . Disappointed for sure considering how much I love these leggings!
Second Skin. These leggings are super soft and look great on. If you are looking for something for cold weather these are not it. They are thin and great the wear to a dance or yoga class. 
Favourite Leggings. These are my favourite leggings for casual wear. I have had them for 3 months, wearing them once or twice a week. I don't have any pilling issues but I don't workout or move around a lot when I am wearing them and my upper thighs do not rub together very much. I wash inside out, occasionally I will gently hand wash instead if their are certain materials in my regular load. I sized down from my usual 6 to a 4. The calf area in the 6 was loose and the waist did not hug. I tried a pattern version but didn't feel like the material was as soft, so I went with black. 
PLEASE RESTOCK!! I bought just one pair of these to try before buying more! So far my leggings have held up pretty well I have tried to wear them only to yoga so I don't ruin the seams with running. I love these pants best leggings Ive had. However I want to buy more and they have been out of stock in my size for two months!! Please restock these leggings!!Love/Hate relationship. these have been my go to tights for years now. and lately the quality has been lacking. my last 3 pairs bought all have holes in the butt region along the seam. i wash/dry as directly and very careful in what comes in contact with them, so i’m a little confused and for the price idk anymore. only high rating cause i just love them so. . 
My Favorite! These was my first pair of lulu leggings! I love how soft and how comfortable they are. They are so comfortable that it doesn't even feel like you're wearing anything! The only bummer was that even these leggings started to pill and lose its softness after time (but they're still soft! just not as soft). But even with the pilling, they are so comfortable and I wear them often. I'd still definitely recommend others to get a pair of Aligns (especially as their first pair of lulu leggings). 
Second Skin. I have three of these pants for close to a year now and don't notice the piling that others complain about. My old Wonder Unders used to pile, but not these Align pants. I use them for Spinning, weight training (squats, etc), walking, and around the house. I wash cold and lay flat to dry. These are buttery soft and no compression feeling at all. Amazing pants. I want to order many more pairs, but they're all sold out! 
The pants are so soft and comfortable. It's literally like you're not wearing any. The 28" is perfect for my long legs without it bunching around my ankles. Fingers crossed they make some more for me!
SO SO Soft. I love that there is now a full length version of aligns! When you're 5'11", the 25" inseam looks like an actual crop, not a 7/8 length pant, so i love how long these are! That being said, there is nothing really different from them than in the 25" aligns, EXCEPT the ankles are wayyyy too large. These bag around my ankles instead of being tight enough, and it gets pretty annoying during yoga, I feel like i have to pull up the ankles to get them to be tight enough, but then I might as well just buy the 7/8th length. Overall, in love, but that kink needs to be worked out for me to want to purchase another align in full length. 
Most comfortable but material doesn't last. I absolutely RAVED about these pants to friends and family! They are so insanely comfortable - they feel like you're not wearing pants, but after about the 5th time wearing them, the front of them had started to pill. I have only washed them twice on cold, inside out, and hung to dry. I thought these would stand up way better than the other materials as they dont get the 'dry/ itchy' feeling like the wunder unders do, but unfortunately they started to pill so quickly, that I can tell they wont last like some of my other pairs. If you're looking for a running pant (and dont care about the pilling), they are great. They stay up, and move with your body. The inseam stitching can we a little rough and scratchy, but otherwise they're a fabulous built pant and soft material. 
Love Love Love. I wish I hadn't taken so long to try these leggings. They are by far one of my favorite leggings, they are so soft and stretchy. I wear them for everything including heavy sweat sessions, but they do show sweat it doesn't bother me though. I think everyone should have a pair of these leggings in their gym apparel arsenal. I also love how lulu has came back to the 28" for us taller girls, it's nice that the aligns are made in multiple lengths for all different heights. I haven't had issues with piling, but I always use cold water, natural laundry detergent, and hang to dry. favorite pair of leggings. These are my favorite pair of leggings, I seriously wear them every single day!! 
I'm 5 foot 7 and they are long enough on me and even have extra length if I needed it. Only complaint is that they have been piling in between my thighs and on my knees. These will make your booty look AMAZING!!!! I absolutely adore these leggings and receive so many compliments every time I wear them to practice!! Perfect for yoga and any other non-rigorous activity. have had my 1st pair for over 2 months and have had no issues with the fabric piling or stretching out (I wash all my lulu clothes on a hand wash cycle in cold, and hang to dry). *For reference I am 5"7 with a 25 inch waist and I went with my typical size 4 in the Area Ice Grey colour which fits perfect. 
Amazing Pants. . . . but. I bought a pair of Align crops about a year ago and fell in love with the material, so when I got a lululemon giftcard for christmas, I knew exactly what I was going to buy! I bought a pair of Align pants, and wow they were amazing! I loved wearing them, they are incredibly soft and so comfy! Here is the 'but'. . . I have washed them a few times, and washed according to the label, and I noticed them immediately start to pill. Now, I would totally understand this if I have had these for a year or so, and they've been over worn, but I bought them 2 months ago, almost to the day. I washed them how I was supposed to, laid them flat to dry, and still pilling on the inner leg, and on the seams. (my legs rarely rub together, so why would it already be so bad?) I love these pants so much, but I hate the way they feel with the pilling :(
Best leggings. Best purchase for lounging or errand leggings although i had them less than two months and the pilling these leggings get was horrible. Want more pairs of these leggings but for the price and the pilling they get idk if it would be worth the money ):
Amazing but issues. These pants are AMAZING, I love the material, its SO soft and they fit perfectly, feels like you aren't even wearing pants(the material is great but too thin if you ask me) AND ive had my pair of these for only a couple of weeks and there is already a ridiculous amount of pilling in the crotch area. And these pants attract hair/fluffies like crazy. If the pilling issue could be fixed I would honestly buy a pair of these in every color, possibly two. 
Comfy and Flattering Leggings. These leggings have become my favorite purchase from Lulu lemon ever! I purchased the So Merlot color, and the dark green color and am in love. Although in my so merlot leggings, I noticed a string coming out of the corner in which the four seams meet. Other then that small stitching issue, these are my absolute favorite leggings, and I can not wait to buy more. Cute and comfy. Love the black and white print. 
Very comfortable So Much Pilling. I really like the fit of these pants, they are super comfortable. But, they started pilling after a couple weeks and I was following washing instructions. Other than the pilling, they are my favorite leggings to wear. It's how you wash. The guy at the store told me to wash, inside out, on cold, without fabric softener and lay flat to dry. I've had mine a few months and worn repeatedly. Minor pilling. I've used a sweater baller to remove them. Hope this helps. 
Obsessed. I got a pair of these black Aligns as a Christmas present and omg they are life-changing. I've seriously only worn Lulu gear for years and Wunder Under and Luxtreme don't even compare to the Nulu fabric in the Aligns. I seriously feel naked wearing them. They are so soft and so comfortable. I want to buy them in a million more colors but the ONLY thing I don't like about the Align pants is how bad the pilling is!! I noticed pilling on my pants within the first few times of wearing them. Disappointing because I want to wear them all the time but feel like I can't because of the pilling. :(
the PERFECT leggings. Literally the best leggings I have ever owned. nothing comes close to the comfort of these. I wear them to class, to the library, on runs, to yoga. They are light weight, literally feel like you're wearing nothing. So glad they finally made them full length. Just wish they would carry them in stores and make more colors!
Never taking them off. These are my favorite pants in the entire world. They are so comfortable, this material is amazing, and they are so flattering. PLEASE make more in black! I'm dying for another pair especially in this length !!!
Good but not Great. I love these pants and the feel of them. The do feel like a naked sensation, it's like clouds on your legs. They are my go to pants however, after wearing them just a few times they begin to pill on the inner thighs. I still love them and wear them but i am constantly having to snip the pills away and they still continue to pill. 
Only Pants I Wear!!! These are the MOST comfortable and flattering pants I own! I am THRILLED about the longer length!!! They are perfect now! These pants have never been see through, and yet they feel so naked! Miracle Pants! Please add more colors!!!!
My favorite pants. I have been wearing align pants for about a year. I find they are the perfect weight for hot yoga. I'm 5'9" and I prefer the 28" length to the 25" length. I have not had the pilling problems that others have experienced but I only wear them to and from yoga. I think if you want something to wear all day, every day you may want to try a different style/weight tight. 
These are my favorite pants ever. I'm obsessed with the aligns and was SO excited when the full lengths came out. I think you just have to accept that these will pill and they will stretch out over time. It's important to follow washing directions. . . seriously. These will always be my go-to pants. . . also PLEASE BRING BACK THE COLOR DEEP ROUGE, I AM BEGGING YOU. 
Favorite Pants. I absolutely loved these pants! They are so perfect the first wear or two and then I washed them. . I always hang dry my lulu stuff because I am aware that some of their products "pill" but these pants pilled sooooo much. I went to my nearby Lululemon store with a receipt (from the previous week when I had purchased them) and asked if they could do anything to help and they said "no, unfortunately, those pill really bad" (so maybe include that in the description haha) I am so bummed and wish they could've stayed as smooth and soft as the first couple wears like most of their other pants. 
Amazing! Super comfortable and fit amazing, the material is soft, and after having a pair for months, they still feel like new. Great new, but short lifespan. I love the Align Pant, I have 5 different colors of them. They are the most amazing fabric you will ever feel, they truly live up to the nickname "naked pant. " However, I will say after wearing them quite a few times they begin to pill very badly between the thighs. I never wear my align pants to the gym and always wash them properly, yet my all black pair are almost unwearable. I noticed the other day that there was a hole forming in the crotch region. Very disappointed because my other pairs are holding a lot better, they have pilling as well but not nearly as bad. These pants are excellent, but don't have a long lifespan. 
Love, love, love. I recently bought these in store, not sure if they are the full length ones as they come to right above my ankles and I am not tall. Anyways I have them in luminesce splatter and they are not see through at all. . . the inside is lined with white fabric. I have only worn them twice so far, both times to (very sweaty) hot yoga and I love them. They are snug but stretchy and I love the higher waist. They wick sweat and look great too. All seams are intact so far. . . They fit to size for me although when I was trying on sizes in store I noticed I am a size 6 in some things and a size 4 (I'm 5"6 & 130 lbs) in others. . . depending on the fabric and style I guess. If they weren't so expensive, I'd buy another pair ASAP!
Wardrobe Staple. LOVE these pants. I purchased this pant a couple of years ago and have worn hundreds of times (They are just now starting to pill a little). Because they are a matte fabric, I wear them to work-out in or with a dress and boots. I rave about them so much that multiple friends (and my MIL) have purchased them as well. 
Love these pants! Got my first pair of align tights and they are super soft and comfy. No problems with pilling so far. They fit a bit loose and like another said you can safely size down. I'm a size 6 in most Lulu bottoms and can wear a 4 in these. These are my go to tights. 
AMAZING leggings. These are easily the best leggings I've ever owned. They are amazing for any type of workout - running, HIIT classes, strength training, and barre are the type of workouts I've used them for. They stay up when you run and they are a great fabric for any type of movement. Consistent with the other reviews for these leggings. . . they do pill. I follow the instructions for all lululemon clothing - wash with sport detergent and hang dry. I have a de-piller that i use on them but the pilling still comes back. I'm almost ok with looking past this flaw because they fit so so so amazing but it does suck that they are so expensive. I'll most likely purchase another pair of these soon and just deal with the pilling. wonderful pants. these leggings are so soft and comfy to wear for forever. they stay in place and don't lose their shape, and the sizing is true to other pants. I will be getting more for sure, they are flattering and functional for lots of things
Amazing fit & feel! I own three pairs of these pants and am obsessed with them! I get compliments all the time on the fit and look of them and recommend them constantly. The only downside is that they're pilling all over the place. It is a huge letdown since they're fairly pricey and are perfect otherwise. 
