My Fav! I purchased these tights a number of months ago and they have been my absolute favourite ever since. They fit perfectly and feel like a second skin. I have noticed some minor pilling in the inner thigh area but I've come to expect this with Lululemon. The pilling is a small price to pay for such a great look and overall feel. My only complaint is that I've been trying to buy these pants in black in my size but they are sold out! Please make more Lululemon! 
Pilling in between legs I love love these pants but after only wearing them a few times in between the legs on the seam they’re pilling. Such a letdown as these are my favorite pants. Great at first. I loved these pants the first couple wears. . and still like to wear them, but the pilling has gotten really bad and I've only had them for a few months. They're good but not the best I live in my lulus and I love them but these are starting to pill in the inner thigh which makes me so upset. I have two pairs and I take care of the religiously so when I noticed the pilling I was so upset. I think its the buttery like fabric because my athletic ones don't pill at all. Overall, I enjoy them I'm just upset to see them lose their quality, 
Not what I was looking for. When I went into the Lulu store, I asked one of the associates to help me find a pair that will hold me in, not slip during workouts and ones that wont flash everyone at the gym during squats etc. . . She recommended these. Not at all what I asked for, they slip as I am jogging on the treadmill, they are very thin and dont have much compression like my other Lulus do. I am so disappointed! They do however fit exactly as the description says and feel like butter. These would be great for running errands and lounging around they are just not the greatest for intense workouts, which is what I went in looking for. Now, I need to go back and browse for another pair for what I need. wouldn't change a thing
Please don't ever stop making these. I love the fabric, so soft and thin, very comfortable. My favorite part is the waistband. It sits on my natural waist and doesn't give me muffin top. It just sits comfortably, never slips down or needs pulling up. I have purchased these is several colors and different lengths. Love love love! I am 58, 5'5" and about 120 lbs, I typically wear a size 2-4 in clothes but have always bought a size 6 in these. Maybe I could go smaller, but this works for me. My favourite leggings from Lulu
First of all I am so glad these now come in a full length pant ! I am 5'9 and the 25'' Aligns look like crops on me. These are the perfect length ! They are the softest, most comfortable leggings ever, and for that, you do have to be very careful and delicate with them. I have a couple of pairs and they do tend to pill/get fuzzy at the seams, never experienced any pilling directly on the fabric though. If you follow the care instructions, you can for sure make these last for a long time. If you are someone that doesn't like to "baby" your stuff and you just want to throw on a pair of leggings without thinking twice about it, these are not for you. I only wear these leggings for yoga, upper body workouts or to lounge in/walk around. I would not recommend them for anything that is too high intensity or that involves any kind of rubbing on the fabric. I also want to note that I did come across some sizing issues- my usual size 4 (in the 25 '' Aligns) fit more like a size 6 in this full length version. So I went down to a 2, which fit perfect. However, the last pair I got in a size 2 fits TTS. . . I don't know why the sizing is so inconsistent in these?
LOVELove these pants I wear them almost everday to class and I have numerous colors. I will say they do pill, but if you wash them with strictly ONLY lulu products it helps SOOO much. If they're overly pilled, they have great solutions if you ask! Fits perfectly, I would not size up. 
Perfect for A Couple Wears These pants are AMAZING. They don't lie - they feel like butter - I literally bought 5 pairs (eek!) of these pants. However, there is SO MUCH pilling. I just wear these for everyday wear (to and from work, walking around, chasing after my kids). I've had these for less than a year and I can't wear them to work anymore because they look so junky in the crotch area. I SO wish these would hold up better. Sidenote: I always wash on gentle with only other lulu pants and never dry them! So sad I can't love them more! :(wish I could love themI had really high hopes for these leggings because everyone I know raves about them, but that's not the case for me. I got these leggings almost two months ago and they are already pilling all over. I do really love the fit of these leggings, but the poor quality over rules the comfort level. I read the reviews when buying these so I knew to expect some pilling, but definitely not as much as what has happened already and probably more in the future. Overall, I would not recommend these leggings, sorry lulu I wish I could. 
so disappointed I feel like I waisted my money. I wore these once and took off the tag. I know my size and didn't try on in the store (don't do this) and as I walked downstairs 5 minutes after putting these on I realized there was pilling that no way could have been from me at the top of the legging. I had worn these for 5 minutes and just walked downstairs and wear no jewelery, etc. I was so dissapointed because I love lulu and had such high expectations to realize that these were sold to me already with pilling on them. 
Not the best I just bought my third pair of aligns and sadly I wouldn't recommend these. They pill like crazy which is weird since the original aligns do not. I NEVER dry my lulu in the dryer so not sure why they seem to pill so bad. I also ordered the black cherry color and they look purple which sucks. Leggings feel great until the inner hemming comes undone and dangles. . . Honestly, such a shame that such a comfortable pair - truly soft, buttery smooth indeed! - of leggings can be constructed so poorly. The pilling along the inner thighs, alongside the undone hemming, really speaks to the destructible nature of the Nulu. This is my second pair and I'm truly disappointed in the quality of these. Same issue with my Rack Pack Bra, the stitching just comes undone! I wouldn't recommend solely because you want to purchase items that last at these price points. WORST LEGGINGS EVER!!!This is the second pair of align leggings I have received and yet again the worst leggings I have ever worn. I barely just got these leggings only a month or 2 old and there already in terrible quality. The pilling is just ridiculous and the poor quality seam is bound for holes all across these leggings. I do NOT recommend these at all. . . . these will last you a good 2 weeks. 
Sizing Issue Or Stretching Out??I'm so disappointed because I bought two pairs of these bottoms in my usual size, and they both slide down my body resulting in me constantly pulling up my pants all day at work or during my workouts. Actually, after the first time wearing them for more than a few minutes I realized that I can't really wear them to work out or to work, which is what I purchased them for. I've never had this happen with any other leggings! I would return them for a smaller size had I not already worn them. I'm not sure if this is a sizing issue or they just stretch out while wearing them, but I wish I had know fit looser than usual so that I could have sized down. 
Love these pants, but they pilled so quickly! The align "butter pants" are possibly the best feeling pair of pants you can put on your body! I loved them so much, I told everyone who asked what style they were (and that they should get a pair). For around two weeks. And then, they started to pill VERY BADLY. The pants started to look ratty, like a cheap pair of leggings, certainly not like I spent $98 on them. I was very discouraged. They now sit in my drawer and I regret the purchase. You will love them for a short time, but they will break your heart in the end. 
Want to Love Them I love these pants cause they're so comfortable I could live in them. But I cannot stand the amount of pilling that comes with them!! I've only worn them a handful of times and wash them accordingly but the pilling seems to continue. I would love to purchase more but not if they continue to keep pilling. 
Leggings My leggings collect dust and the side seams are loose. Great pants however I absolutely love my yoga pants! They are so soft and really do feel like you arent wearing any pants. I recommend them to everyone however I do have one problem with them. The only problem I have with them is that I followed the washing instructions exactly and did what I was told by the workers at Lululemon on how to wash them properly to get the best use out of my pants. After 2 washes the pants started to look very worn and started to get small pulls in the pants. I love these pants so much just am disappointed in how they have held up even with washing them carefully. 
Piling too quickly Piling all over the place and the seams are breaking. Bought these in December in Oregon and LOVED them. But this is so disappointing! When I tried to return them, the lady told me that I washed them incorrectly and it was my fault and there was nothing they could do. Don't know if I'll be shopping here again - they have always been great up until now. 
See through Aligns are my most favorite pants because the material is so comfy. . . even though it is horrible at pilling. BUT this is about see through print!! I got the white and black speckled and when you bend your knee or bend over the pants turn white because the inside is white. It makes them look so low quality, I am really disappointed. . watch out for that print!!!
Best Pants I know it says they're only for yoga but I've done cross fit and spin in these also and am fine with them. They do pill a bit over time but it doesn't bother me and frankly doesn't look as bad to me as some other people are saying. Plus, I just love how comfortable and soft they are. I have some from way back when they first came out and find the newer ones don't pill as easily, but they do stretch out more than the original. Still really pleased, expected soft pants. Got soft pants. The newer version also has less seams/stitching which makes them even comfier. I also hate compression tights so if you're in that boat these are a must buy. SOOO BADI have not even had these for two months and the seams breaking and they have pilled insane! Waste of money and i usually love my lulu clothes. Im very upset!!So disappointed :(I bought these and immediately loved the feel. The are really comfortable and because they are so thin you can wear them under a dress or sweater. Sadly, Within a few short wears, they started to pill! I haven't even washed them and they are pilling! They pick up pills from other fabrics. . . and it must be from other Lulu products as I wear them with lulu sweaters. 
Bummer. . . . I would have bought one in every colour DRDO NOT BUY!!!!!!I was very excited for these pants to come in because I love align pants and have ever since they came out and being able to buy them with a pattern on them now was super exciting. I got them and they were so adorable until I took the tags off and put them on. . . They were see through when I would bend in the knees or sit down right after trying them on so I took them off right away and went up to Lululemon and just explained my disappoints to them and they said they totally understand and we be happy to exchange them if I hadn't taken the tags off which I understand if I had worn them around all day but I tried them on and I didn't like what I saw. 
So disappointed! Horrendous in a month! I bought these leggings as a Christmas present for myself. Keep in mind, Christmas was less than a month away. Since then, I have worn them casually (not even to workout), and they have pilled INSANELY and are coming apart at the seams. Extremely disappointed. I had such high aspirations. Initially, they were beautiful. However, in such a short period they have become destroyed. I have not even put these in the wash yet! I have to believe that mine are defective! There is no way I spent $100 on leggings that I wore maybe eight times. I cannot believe this. Love the look and feel ! but the quality was extremely poorI loved these pants so much I went and bought 2 pairs right away. Unfortunately after a few wears the pilling is terrible and they have stretched out too much that I can't wear the. Super unfortunate as I love the feel and look ! 
I really wanted these to work In the store these fit like a dream and felt so wonderful - all huggy and soft. But the pilling! I just caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror and the pills were embarrassingly visible. I assume I will start getting holes soon. I have several pair of older leggings from a range of stores that have not done this. I still love the fabric and fit, but these are just too expensive to be relegated to pajama pants. 
Amazing feel and fit. . . but disappointed by lifespan I LOVE these pants! I have two pairs of them -- one in black and one in dark purple. They fit so nice, like you aren't wearing anything, and they stay put whether you're doing yoga, cardio or just wearing them day to day. I've had both pairs for about six months. I have noticed a few issues with them. The black pair started pilling almost right away -- I bought the pants initially because the store helper told me that these pants did not pill. Also, the threads along the seams are unravelling, even though I take good care of them and wash them as instructed. There are threads coming out in both pairs along the legs (not on the seams) and I am scared that if they get caught it will cause a run in the fabric. I really love the pants, but am disappointed about how they've deteriorated rather quickly. I'm wondering if I got defective pairs since others I know who wear them swear by these pants and theirs are still in great condition. 
Not blown away by these These start off as super comfy, good looking tights, but the honeymoon ends very quickly. These things pill like crazy and attract any kind of lint, dust, or hair within a 6 mile radius. Ultimately, they start to look terrible very quickly. I bought three pairs at first, because I initially loved them, but after two months, the love is over. Do not buy these. You may love them at first, but it's just a cruel tease. Life changing for about a weekI bought a pair of Align pants which were absolutely life changing. They have a great fit and they feel even better when you sweat in them. Unfortunately after about a week or two they began pilling really badly. I wash them carefully and always hang to dry as instructed, but the pilling happened regardless. Very sad about this, as these pants feel like an absolute dream on your body. I wanted to love these. I really did. :(When I first bought the Align pant, I was over the moon. The fabric was incredibly soft and the fit was excellent. However, in the short time I have had these pants, not only have they pilled like crazy, but they even tore at the knee! I have been a lululemon customer for SO many years and have never experienced this. For pants that cost $100, I am sorely disappointed. Lovely pants, but started pilling after 3 wears These are my first pair of the align pants. They really are buttery soft, they fit so well and are so comfortable to work out in or wear around. I read in other reviews about pilling being an issue, but I thought if I took care of them exactly like it says to on the website then it wouldn't be a problem. I was sadly wrong. I've followed the care instructions exactly and after 3 washes they have noticeable pilling, right on top of both thighs of all places. I have several other products of lululemon and have never had an issue, so im not writing them off in the future but I will be avoiding this fabric for a while :( I bought another pair of pants in the same fabric at the same time, but have only washed them once so I'll follow up on here if they hold up better or worse!Go to leggingsProbably my most frequently worn lulu item! because the material of this legging is luon, I recommend sizing down, I also tell this to most of my family and friends after they ask where I purchase my tights from. Sizing down you will avoid the sagging look, never need to readjust on your body, as well from personal experiences the waistband tends to last longer. 
Forever happy wearing these! Great pants The align pants are my favorite lulu pants. I love the length and the high waist. Also on a different note. . . what are the black leather shoes that the model is wearing in a lot of the pictures. What brand? love them! Love them, but. . . I love the feel of these pants and want to wear them all the time, but the pilling is out of control. I feel like every time I wear them there is new pilling. I expect in between the legs, but there is pilling on the thighs that goes almost all the way down to my knees. I never wear them for workouts, only for out and about. I can only assume the pilling on the thighs is from rubbing against my jacket, which is a huge disappointment. I only wash them in cold and hang to dry. Other than the pilling, these are my favorite pants and the only thing keeping me from buying more is the pilling. 
Cannot kick the factory smell! I was so beyond excited to buy my first ever pair of Lululemons. I decided on these and upon their arrival they had a strong odor to them. Can't really describe it, but it was like the smell of the fabric or the factory site it was created in. Sure fabrics can hold a "new" or "odd' smell from being shipped or made, but once washed usually fades. However, with these pants I can't catch a break. They fit too loose, so I have to wash them after every use, but still the unpleasant smell lingers in the garment. I'm disappointed in the fit and "factory smell" of these pants. If you purchase I would size down. Def a comfortable material (nulu) on the skin. 
Want to Love The pilling is crazy. I've had the pants too long to return them, but this problem arose probably as soon as my second wear. They are extremely comfortable, and I could wear them all day. However, it's not acceptable for a $100 pair of leggings to be pilling this much. The pants are really covered, and in my opinion Lululemon's material should be more durable. I really want to love these pants, but I can't get over the fact that I feel that I've wasted my money. Not sure what to do. 
Dissapointment I have been a lulu lover my ENTIRE life, my mother has sworn by lulu, and does not wear anything but lulu. I have always been a 6 in lulu pants no matter what, with an exception of these pants. I received these as a Christmas gift from my mom and I was SO excited because Lulu products are my favorite! I automatically took the tags off and washed them accordingly. When I went to go try them on afterwards, they were absolutely HUGE! I do not know if these pants were miss labeled, with a different size, but they do not fit like a true size 6. Needless to say I was devastated because I had already took the tags off and could no longer return them for a smaller size. Also I always care correctly for my lulu products and these already have pilling. I am more than furious about these pants because they do not stay up and they sag right in my crotch. I seriously recommend to NOT BUY these pants becauase you will regret it. 
Worst lulu purchase ever :(Pilling. . . . I love the softness of these pants and I wish I could say I truly loved them. . . but like all other reviews they are piling like crazy!!!! I've worn them a handful of times and only washed them twice, let them air dry like all my other pants. Just disappointed I paid $100 for them for them to only last for a couple of weeks. Make light grey (like the ones from a year ish ago)love these pants. love the waistband especially the back. super comfy. please make light grey similar to the ones from about a year ago!!! I would love them in this length and I never got a chance to buy that colour before. My 
Favorite pants! I am crazy about these pants and have several pairs in different lengths. However, I have had this full length pair for the shortest amount of time and they are already starting to fall apart. The seam that is about 3" below the top of the pants is falling out. I feel as though I could go down a size so they shouldn't be stressed due to being stretched out. Also, I strive to follow your washing instructions very carefully as they are my favorite. I am just disappointed because I can't even get another black pair in full length. 
Love these! So I know about the other bad reviews and was definitely hesitant to purchase the full length align pants (or any align pant for that matter). I've had great luck with the full-on luxtreme fabric for my high intensity workouts, but wanted the aligns for general lounging and sometimes for yoga. I'm a size 8 in pants with compression etc, but sized down to a 6 in the aligns (I'm 5'6 150 lbs measurements 36-28-39) and the 6 fits perfectly. The nulu fabric is like a dream. . . these are snug yet lightweight and feel like silk on the skin. The high rise is very nice and I feel awesome in these pants! Got the full length in black. They aren't see through either. I've had them since mid-October, wear about once a week. . . haven't experienced pilling yet and have just had a tiny snag on one of the seams when I accidentally rubbed a snow boot against it (think the little metal thing on the boot did it). But this isn't noticeable and doesn't affect my opinion of the quality at all! I just ordered the "night view white black" color and am not sure how I feel about it. The pants fit nicely, the print fabric feels a tiny bit more compression-y and there is a slight sheen to the fabric that I'm not sure I love. There is a white lining inside so they look see-through when I bend over but only due to the white background and contrast with the black seam. I might return this one, but if they are back in stock in black I would buy another pair. 
Snagged fabric after first wash So sad that these snagged near the crotch area after I washed them the first time. . . really would be awesome pants if that did not happen. Loved them until. . . . . . I loved these pants when I first wore them. But like the other reviewers the piling is not something I expect when I pay $ 100 for pants. After 2 washes they are pretty much ruined, and I only wear them around my house. I love lululemon, but these are disappointing. I have no problem spending money for quality, but these fall short. replace every month. . . I absolutely l;ove these leggings, I love them so much that I wear them quite often. Although, I have to replace these every month it seems, they begin to stretch, pill, and wear down pretty easily. I have been in love with leggings before and this behavior has never occurred. Bummed to have to buy my fourth pair in the past half year or so. Glad the full-length has made its appearance, but also bummed the black is NEVER available. I've been attempting to order for over a month, still waiting and they are not available in stores. . . 
Bummed Out I was really excited Lulu decided to offer these pants in full length because I am tall and always weary of the 7/8 length. On my first wear, they snagged multiple times on everything they came in contact with. I'm so very disappointed in the fabric and its quality. I'm not convinced the quality justifies the price. Sooooo Wonderful!!!Okay, I'm obsessed with these leggings. I have to use self control to not wear them every single day, haha. I've owned them for just over two months now and I have honestly probably worn them about 3/4 of the time. You just cannot beat the comfort level! They truly are buttery soft and I love how they don't have compression in them. The only reason I took off one star is because they do have a couple of spots where the seams are snagging which is a bummer because I'm SUPER careful with them, knowing that they are delicate. The rest of the fabric has remained in good shape though and hasn't pilled or stretched out. I'll definitely be buying these again and just might have to go for another color. THANK YOU Lululemon for FINALLY making these in full length!!! I'm in love :)
super comfy I bought a pair of these and had an issue with piling and the seams falling apart after wearing them twice. I took them to a lulu store and they were replaced no issue. The new pair i got are great and i dont have the same issue with the seams. There is a tad bit of pilling in areas that experience alot of friction, but I spoke to someone at lululemon and they told me that common due to the type of the material. And the piling really isnt that bad or noticeable so it's not an issue for me. They are the COMFIEST pants I own! I am tall with long legs so I wish I couldve gotten a longer length than the 28" like they have for other options but other than that i love them. 
Heartbreaking Quality I'm 6 months pregnant and these are the only leggings that have been able to grow with me, but after a couple months of wear they are falling apart. The seams are torn, extreme pilling between the legs and on the outside of the thigh. I would have loved to purchase a second pair because they are the most comfortable for a growing mama, but I can't justify $100 on something that is going to break my heart again. Comfy Everyday Lulu's! Tried these on a couple of times before taking the plunge. They were recommended to me from a friend who was completely head over heels. I found my regular size was wicked roomy, so when I went back a 2nd time I sized down! Felt the fit was ALOT better but wouldn't necessarily recommend these for any intense physical exercise - they don't offer the usual compression that I'm used to in a Lulu pant, but they are AMAZING as an everyday wear! Because they don't show the Lulu logo on the calf, I can get away with wearing them to work #winning! Disappointment I purchased these just over a month ago and I am incredibly disappointed with how quickly they have fallen apart. I haven't washed them yet and they are already piling with loads of snags all over. I loved the feel of these when I first tried them on and I like how they are full length with a high waist, but I would not recommend anyone to buy these. Not worth the $98 that I paid for them and I wish I could exchange them. 
Not Worth the money These pants are incredibly comfortable but the pilling is ridiculous after a few times wearing them and a few washes these pants looked older than my older lulu lemon pants. I wore these just as a everyday casual legging not to work out in. Again they are very comfortable but not worth the price of how quickly they were worn and pilling. amazing, but not for long
i love the fit and feel of the align pants, but the quality is just not there. i first purchased a pair in the spring, when only the 25" was available. i am a tall girl (5'11) so they fit a bit like crops, but they felt like butter on the skin! i couldn't stop rubbing my legs the first time i wore them. but, after a few washes (in cold water, no fabric softener, hung to dry) these pants started pilling badly. when these came out in the 28", even though i didn't have the best experience with the previous pair, i just had to have them. i thought after reading a few reviews maybe the fabric had improved. unfortunately not - i probably got a solid 7-8 wears before they started pilling in places where anything rubbed (my seatbelt, thighs, calves). it's unfortunate because these pants are soooo soft and comfy, but unless you can afford to replace them every 2 to 3 months, i'd save your money and go with a more durable option. :(
MAJOR Pilling Whenever I go into a lulu store I ALWAYS love the feel of the align pants. I loved it so much I had to buy my own! After about 2 months of wearing them casually (without exercising in them) they began to pill at my knees, between my thighs, on the sides of my hips, etc. I followed all the directions when washing. . I don't know how else to preserve this fabric that's so easily pilled!!!
Pilling I have worn my black pants maybe a handful of times, loved them so much I bought another pair in splatter ice grey. They are pilling at the crotch already. I know how to wash my lulu's and look after all my pieces meticulously. I'm disappointment as I literally could live in these pants. I have pants from when lulu was exclusively sold in Vancouver that has never pilled. 
Please tell me there's a solution as I'm in love with this style and feel So disappointed in Lulu I am on a tight budget and recently purchased the new camo design in aligns when one pair came back to our store. As we all know the camo designs sell out so quickly with any pants. Well a month later there is a hole in the pants and i have only worn then a few times. The fabric is so thin. I still really like the pants and i love the design, so exchanging them is not a option because they do not have any more size 8 camo aligns. I called customer service and spoke to some who who said I can only get a return, send the pants back and get money. I said no and asked to speak to someone else. I ended up speaking to someone else who said not much they can do other then try to repair them or return. I asked if there was anything else that can be done like a discount on another pair of pants but they said no because they don't want defective product on the market. Well then #1. don't make defective products? but also stand behind your customer? . . . . Not happy with the level of customer service I have received. 
Ripped Easily I was so in love with these leggings when I got them about a month ago! I was very disappointed when I went to put them on and found a hole in them one day. The fabric is on the thin side but I've never had any problems with my previous purchases. 
Love this legging, worst costumer service I love these leggings! I have over a dozen pairs of Lululemon leggings in my workout wardrobe. However, I bought my 3rd pair if Aligns and noted a hole in the leg (not on the seam). I brought them back to Lululemon and they offered to fix them instead of replace them, and I had to come back in 3 days for pickup (in the freezing cold)! It was less than a month after I had bought the leggings and I had hardly worn them yet! Now I have a sewn stitched up pair of $100 leggings that I have only worn 3 times. I was very upset and disapointed with how they dealt with this issue. So comfortable but. . . As soon as I put these pants on I fell in love! They fit perfectly in all the right places and are super comfortable to workout in or for running around doing errands! The problem I seem to be having now is the pilling that is going on. Now, I expect pilling to occur in the crotch area as friction wins over time. However, these leggings are now pilling at the front of my thighs, which is not okay, especially when you are paying for quality leggings! 
My advice. . . stick to the wunder under pants! I could live in these I have been a loyal purchaser of the Align pant and crop since I first discovered it last year, and have told so many people about them. I have five pairs in the full length, and one pair of cropped. Unfortunately both black full length ones are severely pilled after about 6 months of wear. I always hang them to dry and do all my laundry on gentle cycle. For some reason the blue and burgundy ones have not pilled. Pretty disappointed in the black, and wondering if it's specifically an issue with this colour. 
Very comfy but start pilling after a while I got these pants about a year ago and they're hands down my favourite lulu leggings. However, I recently noticed that they started pilling on the bum which really sucks because they're my favourite. I noticed it just recently but I'm pretty sure they have been pilling for a while. I just wish these were a bit more long lasting because they're really comfy. I was debating getting a new pair but I'm scared they're gonna start pilling super quickly. THE MOST comfortable but so much pilling :(I am IN LOVE with the Align leggings, and own a couple pairs. One pair is black and while they are the most comfortable leggings I've ever owned, the piling in between the thighs and now on top of my legs is awful :( I'm so disappointed after spending so much on them (and gifting a pair to a friend for Christmas, too!) and while I still think they are so comfy to wear, I can't wear them out anymore (it's embarrassing). 
Pilled and ripped after only 2 months I loved these at first but after only two months they pilled and ripped right away. A shame because they are over $100 after tax. I wouldn't recommend these, quality is very poor unfortunately :(
Disappointed in Quality I was extremely disappointed in these pants. I LOVE Lululemon and, while I have been brand-loyal for the past 12 years, these pants just did not live up to the Lululemon standard and I wish I could have returned them. I saw these pants online and fell in love with the look on the model, I love the placement of the seams and purchased them in black. Firstly, size down, they fit a bit looser, I am a 4/6 and should have bought a 2 for sure, just a warning! After wearing them just ONCE to the gym (no running, only abs and arms) the seams started to unravel in two places in the pants! :( I've had these for a few months now and I don't see any pilling but the seams are just not working for me. Poorest quality Lululemon wear I've seen to date. I am now too afraid to wear these since I paid a lot of money for high quality leggings and I am afraid they will unravel more when I wear them! I do not recommend these. Pilling and worn out :(I was obsessed with these pants. I bought them last Winter. By the time summer came they were already pilling. I love the fit and look but so sad and disappointed in what had happened to them. I wanted to buy another pair but I didn't want the same thing to happen to them again. If this didn't happen they would be the perfect pant for Yoga and just everyday wear. Amazing - but PILLSI love the feel of these leggings. They are buttery soft and well fitted. That said, I purchased mine only a couple months ago (October), have washed them maybe two or three times (hung to dry), and they are already pilling like crazy. 
I love lululemon but its a shame when you spend a lot of money on a product that pills this soon! pilling, pilling, pilling I wanted to love these so badly after purchasing them, I loved the soft feel but after only wearing them a few times, the pilling was pretty bad. I don't have any pilling on my other lulu leggings except for these. Just a bit disappointed. 
Love Hate I have two pairs of the align pant. One pair I love. So soft and comfortable so I bought a second pair. They fit amazing, are super soft and amazing for yoga but the second pair has sooooo much pilling! I still wear them because they are pretty new and I spent a lot of money on them. But I’m pretty disappointed with how much pilling. 
I don’t know if it’s just the colour I chose or what! Ripped after 3 months. . . I bought these leggings about three months ago. I was very happy with my purchase. I wore them regularly to classes. However, a hole on the knee started to form. I wore them anyway and now I have a big hole on my knee. My target leggings that I bought for $10 still haven't ripped after a year of wear and tear! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who doesn't want to waste their money. I also have a bra, I am just waiting for that to break too. Very annoyed! They're "quality" is phony!
Pilling I really like these pants. They are really soft and comfy. My only disappointment is the pilling. I wash all my lululemon leggings together per instructions from an educator. These pants have awful pilling. 
Comfortable until the pilling I loved these leggings endlessly until a few months passed and the pilling began. originally I continued to wear them but because of the pilling, they became very uncomfortable. Because they pilled so much, the fabric has thinned out as well. 
Love them but disappointed I loved these pants when I first got them. The feel and lightweight material was everything I was looking for. I had not had them for more then five months when they starting piling so badly. I never put them in the dryer and I can feel the material on the inner thigh getting thinner every use. Really disappointed in how badly the material reacted over time especially for the price point. 
Wanted to love these I absolutely love the streamlined look of these pants and the softness. However, I have the Aligns in both the full length and crop, and the quality is terrible for both. I not only experienced pilling in between the thighs, but also all over the front. And some of the pills are bigger than normal. I am just disappointed that other non-Lululemon (and much less expensive) leggings I have are of better quality and have lasted way longer. I expected more. 
Align pants 4 life I adore the align pants. I have 4 pairs. For my lifestyle (always on the go between gym and office), they have many more pros than cons. Pros: - high waisted but don't compress the stomach - perfect fit -super flattering -retains shape during workouts (I never pull them up) - the fabric is so soft and smooth like butter, incredibly comfortable as a result-squat-proof -the full length is perfect for tall women -can layer and transition to regular life outfits -don't show sweat - the color doesn't fade Cons: -pill easily -snag easily (don't pick up cats)Nulu is comfortable but delicate. The tradeoff is 100% worth it for me, because the only pilling that happens is between my thighs and I don't care about pills there!
Falling Apart I bought the black align leggings in the store. I have always wanted to try LuLuLemon leggings, so I finally pulled the trigger. I literally wear leggings all winter long. I wore these immediately after purchasing because, holy moly, they are comfortable. BUT they are already pilling and the seams are coming apart. I have washed once in cold water and absolutely did not dry them! I am so sad because I LOVE these leggings, but I fear they are going to fall apart even more if I continue to wear them. I don't know. . . maybe another "type" wouldn't fall apart like these, but I am super hesitant to drop 100 bucks on leggings if this is what's going to happen. SO BUMMED! :(
so much pilling Honestly, I loved the align pants. . . but after 2 wears, they are already pilling. Its pretty sad because I have some of the older align pants and they held up pretty well. . . . These however must have been made super cheap because they fall apart. . . 
Would not suggest these pants I was so excited to save up my money and order these pants as a birthday present for myself. I thought I did my research with dozens YouTube reviews but I was very let down. I am 5'9'' 170 pounds. Very muscular. First, HORRIBLE camel toe no matter how I wear these pants or what panties I wear. Second, they fall down horribly! Even though they are tight in the legs and butt, they are way too big around my waste. Whether I am doing weights or cardio, I have to constantly pull them up. Third, I am 5'9'', not crazy tall and not short either and these pants are a good 3-4 inches above my ankle. That is NOT the "full length" I want. Finally, the piling is really bad and I have taken care of these pants appropriately and have had them only three months. :(
Were my favourite leggings. . . . for a bit I bought these 2 months ago and was in love with them the second I put them on, however i've washed them 3-4 times since and the pilling is REAL, and in some spots where there isn't much friction. I haven't worn them in a while because the pilling in the front area (2-3 inches below the belly button) is awkwardly noticeable 
Most comfortable pants ever, but pilling These leggings are so soft and buttery. . . wearing them is like being naked but better because they cinch everything in! After my first pair I went back and bought about 6 more in different colors and lengths--I was totally hooked. Unfortunately, I've noticed that after only a few wears they are pilling near the inseam. I'm willing to pay almost $100 for pants this comfy, but not if they fall apart!
Bummed I've been really debating buying a pair of lululemon leggings because of how expensive they are but I have heard how comfortable they feel. I finally decided to buy myself a pair, and was really impressed with how they felt when wearing them. However, after wearing them for the first time for less than two hours, I noticed some pilling on the leggings. I'm really disappointed because they feel amazing but the pilling makes them not worth the money. 
Poor quality Bought these in green color about a month ago and wear them to hot yoga, have only wore them a couple of times and they are falling apart from the in the inseam in the middle. I own alot of lululemon and I am always extra careful when I wash them and follow instructions, for $98 these should not be falling apart. I have 6 years old wunder under and they look better than these . Very disappointed. Not so Aligned. . . Another love hate story with the align pant. When I bought these pants I thought they were the best leggings I would ever find. I adored the soft fabric and naked - non-restricted feeling that these pants offer. Only after a short while did they start to pill and look horrible. I am a massage therapist and yoga instructor, and I want to look professional when I am at work. Unfortunately I can not wear my Align pants to work because they look horrible, old, and over worn. . . after only a few short weeks of owning these pants. I was hoping that Lulu would fix this design flaw but haven't seen anything of the sort. Feeling let down and wanting more for such an expensive pair of leggings. Once you go align, you don't go back, and you'll spend all your money cause they dont last long 
Once you wear these tights, you literally can't go back to any others. UNFORTUNATELY, the pilling is so bad, the pants to do not hold up :( When i first found these, I got excited and bought 7 pairs. They all have pilling, especially between the legs from walking. A few have threading pulling from the stitching around the ankle. They all look so old and they're less then a year old, and I don't put them in the dryer, wash them on gentle/cold. Super comfy, but they pill. . I am in love with my Align Pant leggings from Lulu, however I'm disappointed in the quality. I am VERY strict on how I wash my Lulu clothing, and have followed instructions very thoroughly. However, after washing these leggings, they don't come out the same way they went in. My leggings are pilled and don't feel like they did when I got them. This past summer, I went to my nearest Lulu location and they replaced them after I showed them, no questions asked. (Great customer service) I am even stricter with washing now after having them replaced, even washing them by themselves, but it still did the same thing. . :( I still wear them because they are sooo comfy, but I'm so sad and disappointed with the quality. My boyfriend just bought me two more pairs, but I'm considering returning because of this. I wish they could still make the original aling
I bought this purple print and honestly I don't like how they fit. I only have one Aling I and I truly love it! no peeling and Aling II peeling happens after a couple uses. :(The leggings are already falling apart :(I just purchased these leggings on thanksgiving, and they are already pilling! I've only have worn them twice, and it looks like they have been through it! I can't imagine paying so much for a product that falls apart so easily :( I really wanted to love these, because the pattern is amazing, but the quality has really fell short from expectations. Please save your $$ and do not buy these. 
Hole I asked for this item in color midnight for my birthday. The first day I wore them I got a small hole in them on the pant leg. This material tore so easily and I wasn't prepared for the limitations of the wear. The color of these pants and the length is absolutely perfect. I am 5'8" and a size 6. The color is what drew me to the align. . . I'm really upset that I cannot reorder in this in midnight. 
Comfortable but piling I have two pairs of the align pants which I LOVE. However, they are piling after just a few washes. The piling on my gray pants are more noticeable than the piling on my black. Disappointed considering how pricey these pants are. 
Snag I loved how these look on- the sizing is off so I had to get a 2 instead of a 4 and I was disappointed as to how after only a few months they are snagging. I don't know on what and I wash them correctly. The thigh is very bumpy now and I don't like wearing them to work anymore because it looks unprofessional. I haven't been happy with them because of that but I DO LOVE the way they FEEL. 
Piling after a month Sadly I am very disappointed in the quality of these pants. The piling started within the first month. I take good care of my lulu’s and never put in the dryer. The quality does not match the price point. For $98 i expect more. Love them but. . . Have had these pants for five months now. . They started piling after about a month, even when i followed the instructions on how to wash them and to make sure to not put them in the dryer. I love these pants and will buy more but would love for them to last longer. 
Camo print - not same feel/quality I was happy to finally see the Align in full length as I have several 7/8's and crops. I ordered in 3 different colours - two of them are perfect, but the camo print is not the same feel- they feel more sueded and they collect dust and lint like crazy. I also had to trim 5 or 6 loose threads from areas of the waistband already - I realize this print sold out super fast - but don't feel too bad if you missed out, they're a bit of a disappointment and I haven't grabbed for them at all after two wears. 
So Much Pilling I wanted to love these so bad, but there is so much pilling. I got these less than two months ago and there is pilling on the butt, thighs, and even calves. These pants look amazing on, but I am very disappointed in the quality especially when I spent $98. I was hoping these would last me a long time, but I see that they wont. Sad :(I got these as a present from my boyfriend and I was really sad that after 3 wears, these pants were already starting to pill like crazy, and now getting so much worse. Sooooo soft, comfy, and lightweight, but the pilling makes them feel cheap. Really wish he would have gone with a different lulu pant. Wish they were higher quality. I love the look and feel of the align leggings so much, and that is why I am so so sad that they started pilling after ONE WASH. I am so disappointed because I hang dry all my Lululemon, and this still happened. For the price of these leggings, the quality should be much better. So sad that these are so comfortable but that they started pilling. The Pilling. Same as everyone else. I received these only a few weeks ago and they're already starting to pill on the inner thigh/crotch area. Which is incredibly unfortunate as these are super comfy and fit so well. I just don't think they're worth the price though, for how much they pill. 
Pills like crazy I have had these pants for not even two weeks and worn them about 3 or 4 times and they pilled so much around the thigh/crouch area, and I haven't even washed them!!! The quality of these pants really disappoints me, especially because they do look so cute on. Really unfortunate. 
Good until they pill and seams fall apart When I first tried these leggings on, I loved them. They were very comfortable and lasted a few wears. After following the washing instructions a handful of times, they began to pill horribly. I tried removing the pills but they just kept coming back. After just a couple more washed the seams started to become fuzzy and fall apart. For the price of these leggings, I wish they would hold up longer than a few wears before falling apart. 
Comfortable, but they wll pill! These pants are the most comfortable thing I own, but they have already started to pill on the thighs and hips. Given their price tag, I assumed they would last as long as my Wunder Unders, which are still in perfect condition two years later! I care of them as directed, so I am deeply disappointed in the quality of these leggings. Perfect!! fit great! but. . . . . . . . The ankles weren't as tight as i had hoped. 
Not happy with these So I loved the way these leggings felt and looked on me, But my issue is with the crazy amount of pilling and then the seams started to get holes in them i had only had these for a couple weeks. Wish the seams didn't get holes because I really did like the way these looked. THE MOST COMFY LEGGINGS, but the not so amazing quality. . . THESE LEGGINGS ARE THE COMFIEST LEGGINGS I HAVE EVER PURCHASED IN MY LIFE. (I actually made an account so I could write this review) I have been wanting these leggings for a while and finally decided to splurge and spoil myself! The price point for these leggings are a bit expensive, but when you put them on you will know EXACTLY WHY. These leggings felt different than any of my other leggings- they were comfier than ALLLL OF THE OTHER BRANDS- nike, adidas, puma, and reebok!! Man, THESE LEGGINGS MADE ME WANT TO WORK OUT!!!! The only really really really really REALLY big issue with the leggings and why i HAD TO WRITE A REVIEW was because of THE PILLING!!!!!!! I feel like I took every precaution possible- I did not wear the leggings extremely often & I also hand washed the leggings 90% of the time in order to avoid the pilling but IT STILL HAPPENED. I'm really sad and disappointed in the quality of the leggings! Hope lululemon fixes this pilling issue because these leggings are seriously sssoooo comfy!love!most comfortable tights I own, so sold and buttery! very flattering and hugs in all the right places. 
So much pilling I've had these pants for less than a week and they're already pilling all over the butt and thighs. I haven't even washed them yet, and I'm already having issues with them. I want to love them, they are beyond comfy, but I cannot keep up with them if they pill this easily!! I'm so disappointed!!! I did not spend this much money on a pair of pants that don't even last a week. 
So comfy, but major pilling Theses pants are so comfortable - feel like you are wearing nothing! However, I am really disappointed with the pilling. Lulu is usually known for better quality! I have worn them only once and they have major pilling and pulling :(EhI love the fit of these leggings but I've experience pilling on the side of the hips and in between my thighs. I follow all the instructions for washing and everything. Really disappointed for the price I paid. 
Cheaply made I was so excited about these pants at first. All my friends had recommended them and as soon as I put them on I was in love. They fit great. Super soft and made me feel like I was barely wearing leggings. HOWEVER, before I even washed them for the first time they have started to pill on my left hip and also along a seam on the inside of my knee. I have owned these for a total of 3 weeks. Super disappointed that I spent so much on these. This is the first time Lulu has let me down. Mixed Emotions. . . I had been wanting a pair of these for a while, saved up, and finally bit the bullet and purchased them. At first, I was in love. The fabric is very comfortable and the pants are very flattering. However after just a FEW uses, they began to pill in the shin area, I am now hesitant to wear them in fear that it will get worse. Great pant but was dissapointed to spend that much money and have them pill within the first couple weeks. 
You need ALL the Aligns! I have always loved the 25 inch Align pants, but I do prefer a longer length, so I appreciate the 28 inch length!!! The Sequoia Camo 28 inch are perfection! I own over 15 pairs of Align II pants, and they get worn in a pretty high rotation. I have never experienced any quality issues with any of my Align pants - all of them look pretty much the same way they did the day I bought them with no pilling. I am writing this review as I see so many negative reviews about quality issues with these pants, and I have never had that experience. I do keep to my TTS in these and opt not to size down, as while my size-down fits and offers slightly more compression - they are less comfortable, and not as 'naked', which is the point of these pants and what makes them so magical. If you are on the fence about trying Aligns, do not let the negative reviews dissuade you - they will be your new favorite pants and the only negative thing about them is that you will have a really difficult time stopping yourself from buying every color!
Loved them until they fell apart I loved these leggings. . . until they fell apart. As someone who's purchased 5 pairs of the align pant (i. e. spent over 450$ on multiple pairs) because of the buttery soft fabric and how comfortable they are to wear all the time, I am very sad to say that they are not worth it despite how much I loved them. Yes, they pile. . . but I was okay with that due to how comfortable they felt on. I recommended them all the time to my friends. Despite caring for them exactly per the recommended washing instructions after less than a year of maximum once weekly wear the piling eventually lead to a full on hole between the thighs, rendering a 98$ pair of leggings unwearable. I just can't pay that much money for something that is going to fall apart and be useless after less than a year and am disappointed that the quality of these pants is not up to lululemon standards. 
Poor Quality I love the fit of these pants, but within a few wears the pants started pilling between the legs. This has never happened with any of my other leggings, and when I wear them I feel like they will eventually rip. Maybe mine were just a bad pair but I am disappointed in these pants. 
Sooo comfy I love these! I have two pairs now. They are so soft and comfortable. They have become my go-to leggings for day-to-day. So far I have found the fabric has help up pretty well too. Superglue & Nulu don't mix! I am an avid fan of the Align Pant; I have four pairs in the 7/8 length. Since this pant was launched, I actively provided feedback to Lululemon customer service requesting to design a full-length pair. Finally, a few weeks ago I received an email notification from Lululemon that they now indeed make a full length size! I purchased a black pair immediately. Regrettably, today I dropped superglue on my thigh, and subsequently, on these pants. As I frantically attempted to remove the stain with acetone, I ended up creating a hole. I thought I would be able to easily replace them by reordering them online; however, sold out! Devastating. I hope you bring this item back in stock. Thank you - from a longtime R&D (Sweat Collective) member and Lululemon customer. Love Nulu but disappointed in quality. Preface: I have 5 pairs of align pants. I do have 1 pair that is probably 4 months old and has started pilling badly, but to be honest, after what people had told me about the Nulu material, I was expecting that after washes and wears. I literally just got these new full length align pants in the mail, and I wore them for the first time on 11/23. (Thanksgiving day) I wore them again today (and didn't wash them- not dirty/i can't blame the pilling on my poor washing) and there was a patch on my upper thigh on the side that had already started pilling. that's seriously disappointing- my SECOND wear. I wish there was a way to upload photos to show the pilling. I had to bust out my depiller machine that (which I bought solely because all my lulu pants have pills) and got all the pills out. I think that's ridiculous for a pair of 100 dollar pants that have only been worn for a day. 
Love Align, but fabric pulling with these. I have purchased two other align pants at the 7/8 length and looooove the buttery feel of the fabric and have worn the heck out of them with no pilling or damage to the fabric, even with extensive hiking. I have worn my full length aligns for two weeks, total of 4 days wear, and one wash, and noticed the fabric on the back of the right leg starting to pull. I used to hem lulu's pants at my previous job and know that when it starts to pull, it's going to start to run like pantyhose. They're super soft and I love the fit, but I'll be so upset if they start to run. The black colour I purchased isn't even available for me to replace it now, too. Soft but questionable quality. . I own my fare share of lulu lemon leggings I have collected over the past couple years. I have always had high hopes and always have been slightly let down with the quality I am getting for the cost :(I bought these leggings 11 days ago exactly. I have worn them twice and have not washed yet (so I can not blame poor care while washing). They are pulling and almost coming apart at the seam between my thighs and there seems to be some sort of pull in the fabric on the butt of the pants. I'm pretty disappointed, however the pants are so soft and buttery I am considering going into a store to ask for a new pair. I would suggest the leggings, however I would be weary with how you wear them and the amount and type of activity you're doing while wearing them. Love these but. . . . These are truly soft and comfy and I recommend them to everyone, however after a few washed the pilling is SUPER bad :( They also got very rough on the inside after a few washes and are not super comfy any more. BUT I am 3 months postpartum and the high waist i perfect for my (still) baby belly. SO The AWESOME outweighs the negative :)Great pants but pilling already! I received these pants (maybe the 7/8th length) as a gift and while they are the most comfortable pair of leggings that I own, they are already pilling between the thighs and in the back just below the waist seam. While I can understand the thigh pilling I have no explanation for pilling in the back. Still wear the pants despite pilling, but I wish it wasn't pilling so quickly. 
Awesome pants, In Love???? I just got my first pair of align pants a couple weeks ago in the cool CAMO print. These are my new favorite pants!! They feel so silky and soft and so light, they really feel like I'm wearing nothing! I'm loving the full length for fall. I have not had pilling so far but I'm taking good of them,I wash in gentle cycle and hang to dry. Lulu please make these in more fashionable cool prints. . . hint. . . ??STARS?? Puleese!!
Love them but. . . I love these leggings they are so soft and comfortable, so I decided to purchase despite the bad reviews. However, after only wearing them a few times and having them for a bit over a week, there has been some piling around the thigh and crotch area. I love the leggings for the comfort, but disappointed in the quality of them. :(Love-hate relationship?? I absolutely love these pants and how comfortable they are! However, I have only had mine for about 2 months and am disappointed with the amount of pilling, especially in the crotch area. I have been super careful and followed all the wash instructions and have never put them in the dryer. I still wear them but am upset with the way they are made. I had heard that these pants were high-quality and were worth the money, but I feel like they were a waste of $100. . . 
Totally Pilly but still Love! I absolutely love these pants, can practically wear them everyday. I have never had pants like them. I was so careful to wash them appropriately and never put them in the dryer and the are so pilly in the crotch area. I obviously still wear them but am disappointed with how they were made. Crazy piling after a month. I got these leggings after saving up and I'm disappointed and sad to say the least. I've only had them around 1 or 2 months, making sure to wash them correctly, but like everyone else has mentioned the piling is out of control. I feel like I just wasted $100 which is a lot for someone who is in college. Not worth the price if they'll just be ruined within a month. amazing leggings. I absolutely love these leggings. They feel like silk and can be worn everywhere. However, after the first wash (I followed all the care instructions provided) they started pilling and the seems in the crotch area ripped. There are now strings falling, but I still wear them because I love them so much. 
Waste of Money. I got the "wunder unders" as a gift but heard the aligns were super soft so I traded them in. Worst decision of my life. After maybe 3 months the leggings were pilling and had lost their buttery softness. A little more time goes by and the pilling is out of control!!! It pills so much its almost embarrassing to wear in public. At this point I'm not sure what I should do with the leggings because I spent so much money on them and it all went down the drain. 
Wanted to love. . . but disappointed. When I tried these pants on they were extremely comfortable. I loved that they were tight but were lighter and not as thick as my other Lulu leggings. Like the other reviews they picked extremely quickly, which I have never experienced with any of my other purchases from Lululemon. Like I said before. . . disappointed. Love Love Love!! Love the align full length pant. The material is so thin and buttery smooth. I wear them through a session of Olympic lifting and they stay put. I’m 5’2 and 105 pounds bought the size two. They also are thin enough for me to not over heat!! I used to be a wonder under girl but these pants allow more movement and breath ability. These are thin so if that’s what you’re looking for they’re perfect!
Amazing Pants but I think I got a pair of lemons :( I love all of my Lulu clothing but these are my most favorite Lulu pants. I bought a pair a couple of months ago and since I was wearing them so much, I decided to treat myself and buy another pair. The only problem is that the inner stitching on the legs doesn't match up and when you try folding them to line it up, it's off. The right leg is an inch or so behind the left leg which drives my OCD self crazy. With Lulu, once you ripe of the inner tag, you can no longer return them. I understand there reasons behind this policy but for $98, they should be perfect. Make sure you check the stitching before you rip off the tag or else you be stuck with them like me and always be adjusting your right leg to match your left leg. Dream come true :) I fell in love with the Align pants the first time I put them on a couple years ago. I was always wondering why they didn't make them in full length and now that they do I love them even more. The 3 inches makes such a difference for me. I purchased the black and they are exactly like the 25" inch feel and wear. Definitely my new favorite pant! I hope they come in red soon! 
Please more colors! Loved these but poor quality overall. I fell in love with the align pant immediately after purchasing them. When chatting with the sales associate, she did mention that they are a more delicate pant so I should stick to using them for lighter activities and be careful about washing them correctly. I wore these pants only for casual wear and to yoga and washed them accordingly yet they completely pilled down the thighs. I was so sad and disappointed with the quality of the pants and wish the fabric would have worn better with time because now they are essentially unwearable. :(
My Absolute Favourite! I am a huge fan of the regular 25" align pants, the only issue I would have with them would be the loose fit around my lower calves/ankles. I was excited to try these 28" ones to see if they would be tight fitting all throughout my legs, and they are! I'm 5'2, so these full length ones do scrunch up the tiniest bit, but it's not a problem at all. As for the pilling, I have had my first pair of aligns for a few months now and the only difference I can tell is that they collect more lint. Pilling shouldn't be an issue as long as you wash properly and hang to dry. If you're thinking of getting these full length version aligns, I would 100% recommend!!!
Best leggings!! I just absolutely love the Nulu fabric it is so soft and fits my body way better than the other fit/styles Lululemon has. I have also bought the 7/8 length naked sensation tights and just loved them too. So happy they come in full length now!! I know that there is more selection of Nulu products now but I still wish there were more. . . the fabric is so comfortable!
Best tights -- just got better! The align pants are my all-time favourite to-and-from pant. Buttery-soft material and so flattering! I was absolutely stoked to see these in full length, so I can now wear these stunners with ankle boots in the cooler weather! I would love to see these in more colours and in patterns! Disappointed. I work in the fitness industry so I basically live in lululemon pants. 
I am a little upset that not even a full day of wearing the Align Pant, Sequoia Camp Print Deep Coal Black, the seam is already pulling. Its a shame that this happened because i literally pay $100. 00 for a pair of pants so I expect them to hold up to their pervious standards. Considering these pants were strictly for online and I have wanted a pair of camo pants for years i do not want to take them into the store because they will suggest a different pair. A little lost at what to do :( I am giving this pair of pants that I received a 1/5 stars :( ALL OTHER ALIGN PANTS ARE WONDERFUL THOUGH I JUST GOT A BAD ONE!!! Love the longer length! I'm so excited that the align pant now comes in a 28" length. I ordered the black and they just arrived and they are perfect. I'm 5'7" and the extra couple of inches make the pants a lot more flattering on me, I highly recommend them. More colors please!
